Mike: Sorry, I'm just trying to remember how to share my audio. I don't mean to stop. I don't share my screen.
Tim Sackton: It's under Advanced.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it. Computer audio.
Mike: Okay. Can you hear that?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep, yep.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright.
Mike: South.
Mike: where we laughed last time.
Mike: the… The intrepid or accidental Chasm Explorers were, recovering From your battle with the…
Mike: icebound wolves and their… and their various, minions.
Mike: And had just, sort of, Learn something about each other.
Audio shared by Mike: and…
Mike: Discovered a…
Audio shared by Mike: the… pathway into this labyrinth, so-called Xifa's Labyrinth.
Mike: Bad.
Mike: A mysterious place.
Mike: Somewhere.
Mike: on Talgor or off it, you're not quite sure.
Mike: M.
Mike: But that Kalima, the… Woman, who is trapped here with you is terrified of.
Mike: But with some coaxing from Justice and Finnan.
Mike: She seems willing, or at least…
Mike: Able to… she seems willing to venture with you into this.
Mike: into this labyrinth. So, as we begin.
Mike: You're peering down from a icy bridge, into a…
Mike: Room, an entrance room of some sort.
Mike: that the bridge just… it's open to the sky, but the sky is a stormy white cloud that you can't see through. And as you look down into the labyrinth, it's like, there's piles of snow.
Mike: The ground is just ice.
Mike: With snow piles, and there's piles of snow on the walls, and there's 4 passageways leading out of it. Kind of…
Mike: two in the sort of… well, you don't know which way east or west, but kind of two in one way and two in the other way. And it's about a 6-foot or 8-foot drop. It's not that far, it's like you're in an open… it's open to the sky, and then the passageways are almost like tunnels through the snow.
Tim Sackton: How big is this chamber that we dropped down into?
Audio shared by Mike: you're on a platform. Remember, so you're standing.
Mike: Oh, you… You haven't dropped down in yet, you're at the bridge that leads in.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Mike: working down. It's, it's like… 10… it's not big. It's 15… 10, 15 foot irregular oval.
Mike: Across.
Mike: Are you gonna try and map this?
David S. Kong: Kind of what?
Mike: Tim's mapping this, it's gonna be interesting.
Mike: That's actually fascinating. So… .
Audio shared by Mike: As we begin… .
Mike: U.
Mike: peer down into it. I guess there's the light from Kalima's…
Mike: rock that's glowing with the blessing of Rommel the Glacier King, and I think Finian also maybe has a light spell up.
Mike: You've all short-rested, so I think everybody dealt with that.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Oh, and, and…
Audio shared by Mike: Kong.
Mike: echo's… magic item.
Mike: So it's an amulet that attunes you to the, to the sort of the energy of the beast you're becoming. Anytime you become a large beast, you get the jump spell, so you can jump 30 feet. And anytime you become a teeny beast, you get advantage on stealth checks.
David S. Kong: Mmm… Okay.
Mike: So just keep that in mind, if you're like… it enhances the sort of natural stealthiness of a small beast, or the natural strength of a large beast.
David S. Kong: Love it.
Mike: So, as we begin…
Audio shared by Mike: You're peering down into this room.
Mike: Maybe everybody could…
Mike: I don't want to start with, like, full descriptions, but maybe just to remind us what everybody's characters are like?
Audio shared by Mike: Like, just one…
Mike: your most… the item that's most important to you, or the facet of your… of your mood that's most prominent. So, just, like, one sentence about, like, what each character is… what your character is, like, sort of focused on in the moment.
Mike: Kalima, I'll start, I guess. Kalima's just holding, clutching this light, like, to her chest, tightly, like, the light's leaking out around her fingers, but… and is muttering a prayer.
Audio shared by Mike: 2…
Mike: Rommel, the Glacier King, who she… she seems to have recognized the name, over and over again, like, protect us from…
Mike: You're the Lord of ice and snow, protect us from the ice and snow.
David S. Kong: Hey, Mike. Yeah? Sorry, are there passageways?
Mike: So…
Mike: You're on this floating platform in the darkness. There's a bridge that leads into this, and there's 4 passageways going out of this. You're like… you're like at the ceiling, you're like… the bridge is like a… an ice arch that ends in the ceiling.
Mike: And you have to, like, jump down into the room, but you can see 4 passageways leading out of the room.
David S. Kong: Got it, got it.
Mike: Which is not… it's not even really a room, it's like there's piled snow, it almost looks out…
Mike: It's open to the sky, but then the passageways are tunnels through, like, mounds of snow, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Bye, buddy.
David S. Kong: And above us is, like, a magic storm that you.
Mike: Above you is, like, a white magic storm, yeah. And below you is super strong wind that threw you back up.
Tim Sackton: B.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: Pandemic. The… if the bridge is south, Which direction are the passageways?
Mike: If the bridge is south, The passageways are… would be, northwest, northeast,
Mike: sort of south… or west-southwest, and, like, a little bit… like… like, two of them are kind of leading north…
Tim Sackton: I get it.
Mike: East and a little bit… And two of them are leading, like, Southwest in a little bit.
Tim Sackton: So no Northwest.
Mike: No, no, no, sorry, like, northeast and North… Northeast.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: And southwest and south-southwest. That's the right way of putting it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello, casually strolling over the edge, kind of looking down…
David S. Kong: Echo is, like, kind of always preemptively like, oh, shit, what's YOLO about to do? And…
David S. Kong: is also leaning over by the edge, his, like, amulet's kind of dangling down, and he's peering over and kind of sticks his wing out in front of YOLO as he's also… as they peer… as they're both, like, kind of peering down together over the edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO's like, alright.
Audio shared by Mike: On one.
Kate Sackton: one.
David S. Kong: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait, what are we waiting for?
David S. Kong: We did this already.
Kate Sackton: We're not sure how well a 6 to 8 foot jump goes for Kalima. The rest of us are probably fine.
David S. Kong: Didn't we already try jumping, and then we got thrown back up?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that was the only one.
Tim Sackton: On the engines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That… there's ground down there, Echo. There's ground. I'm not familiar with that.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay, okay, alright, alright, alright.
Tim Sackton: So… And, well… Finan is holding this, like.
Audio shared by Mike: glowing…
Tim Sackton: Pipe, like, clay, ocarina.
Tim Sackton: And kind of looks around. I guess we better stick together.
Kate Sackton: Rolla is… drain is bolstered by the presence of her avian companion, Rolla, and is looking forward to
Kate Sackton: I was looking around at the next steps to take and how the party is all doing.
Kate Sackton: And wondering to the group.
Audio shared by Mike: King…
Kate Sackton: Karima, do you need help getting down there?
Mike: She looks a little… I mean, it's not… she needs a little bit of help, I guess, but the… the… there's piles of snow, it doesn't look that scary to, like…
Audio shared by Mike: kind of…
Mike: jump down, but yeah, I mean…
Audio shared by Mike: She would sort of gnawed…
Mike: Wow, she doesn't speak your… you don't speak Olds and Coven.
Kate Sackton: I didn't directly ask her, I sort of hinted to Justice.
Mike: She sort of… she sort of nods a little bit, oh, sorry, go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice, slings his shield over his back, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hefs the big axe in the other hand, but extends, extends his shield hand over to,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to the older woman to… and starts talking old Zimkoven about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Climbing down safely, giving her a hand down.
Tim Sackton: go. Pretty interesting.
Mike: So…
Mike: Before we… just one thing I meant to say before we get started, there's probably gonna be a fair number of… there might be a fair number of skill
Mike: proficiency checks. And I want to just remind everybody, Rules-wise.
Mike: what I'm trying to do is…
Mike: tell you what stat it is, and so to roll a stat on D&D Beyond, you click the plus under the stat.
Mike: Right? So, like, if I say it's a DEX check, just click DEX plus 1 to roll, or whatever. And then, you tell me if you have a skill, either an actual D&D skill, or…
Mike: Something in your background, one of these background proficiencies, that would let you…
Mike: add your… which, everybody's provision bonus is plus 3, so you just have to remember it's a plus 3. So…
Mike: tell me why you should get a plus 3. Which could be, oh, I'm…
Mike: I'm proficient in medicine, and this is somehow related to medicine, or it could be, well, in my background, I…
Mike: you know, I'm really good at surviv… you know, I spent a lot of time in the winter, I'm really good at surviving cold, and this is something about surviving cold. And so, just, if I think it's… if it seems plausible, you'll get to add a plus 3 to the roll.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna… just… I'll try and remember this too, but to remind you, I have plus one to everything from Jack of All Trades, and expertise in history and persuasion, which I forgot about last session.
Tim Sackton: Which is sometimes trickier to remember when it's not just plus 3 to everything. It's either plus 1, plus 3, or plus.
Mike: Yes, but you are an expert in D&D rules, Tim, and I'm capable of remembering these things.
Mike: That's a bonus action? Exactly. The other thing is…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the same time as Taco.
Mike: Exactly.
Mike: Sometimes it'll be a groups… it'll be a group thing, where…
Mike: only half of the people have to succeed for you guys to succeed as a group. Other times, it'll be like, you might have a skill challenge where you need a certain number of successes across the group, but everybody sort of goes by turns. Kind of how Tim would run skill things, where everybody gets a chance to be like.
Mike: how I'm solving this problem.
Mike: So, I'll tell you if it's a group check and only half the people need to succeed.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Drain looks over at where Justice is trying to find a climbing route down, because Drain loves to climb. She had thought that maybe there was no way to climb, and it was gonna just have to be a jump, but she's taking a second look, following Justice's lead.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, you can sorta jump onto one of the snow banks and sort of slide down, the snow comes up.
Mike: there's, like, piles of snow that you could sort of… you don't even really have to climb. You could just sort of… any one of us could get down.
Kate Sackton: That can be a supported dissent.
Mike: Yes, exactly. It's not difficult to get down.
Tim Sackton: which way should we go?
Kate Sackton: Let's get down there and… and consider.
Kate Sackton: Do we need to know before we get into the central space?
Mike: You're down, I assume you just jumped down, there's not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we're gonna… Climb on down.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: There's probably no wrong way.
Tim Sackton: There's not much to pick from, so how about… That one.
Tim Sackton: Ian points to the one that is…
Tim Sackton: like, northeast opposite the bridge. Like, the most diagonal opposite from the bridge.
Mike: So it's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks good to me.
Mike: What order are you guys in?
David S. Kong: The safe one.
Tim Sackton: I, I will suggest that Drain and…
Tim Sackton: Finian will suggest that Drain goes first, because he knows her and thinks.
Tim Sackton: Highly of her scouting skills.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Tim Sackton: That… him and Justin go in the middle with Kima, or Kalima.
David S. Kong: And the two…
Tim Sackton: But I'm not gonna try and decide where the two Kenku go, they can pick their own location.
Eric Rosenbaum: upfront.
Tim Sackton: Of course.
Tim Sackton: Finan's already… Finan's already getting that sort of sense about YOLO.
David S. Kong: Ugh.
David S. Kong: I mean… Echo is feeling like he wants to be Yolo's handler, but maybe I'll just…
David S. Kong: I'll be in the back. I'll be in the back.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So, anyway…
Eric Rosenbaum: Barczyme.
Audio shared by Mike: It's drain…
Mike: YOLO… Justice, Kalima, Finia, and Echo?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: With Rolla a little bit ahead to give any advance warning of any obvious.
Tim Sackton: And I will, I will,
Tim Sackton: Kate, does Drain have anything I can cast?
Tim Sackton: Light on, maybe just an arrow, even.
Mike: You cast light on an arrow, sure.
Kate Sackton: I will… Sure! I will dispel light from my…
Tim Sackton: my Oak Arena, and then play a little tune, and it, like, jumps over to…
Tim Sackton: one of Drain's arrows. Or, oh, look at Justice. Justice, do you have any… did any torches or anything survive the fall in your backpack?
Audio shared by Mike: What?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I'll, you know, I'll take a little…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charm from a… on a bracelet around my wrist, and… handed over, and…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Just so Drain has light, and Kalima has light, so we've got light at both ends of the line. Right.
Kate Sackton: Yuck.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So, you start down the passage.
Kate Sackton: Absolutely, but cautiously.
Mike: It's…
Mike: It's a little narrow, like, the actual entrance right into the passage is, like, a little bit narrow and very snowy, like, y'all get a little snow brushed on you. And there's a little bit of a wind, sort of, as you go down, as you start entering, there's a little bit of a wind swirl that, like, a sharp, cold wind blows past you.
Audio shared by Mike: And then, after this, like, entrance through, like, a snowbank that's kind of, like, almost looks dug like a circular tunnel, you come out into, after maybe 20 feet, you come out into, like, a rough…
Audio shared by Mike: stone… rough stone floor.
Audio shared by Mike: a little bit of stone on, like, stone walls. Still, the ceiling is still, like, ice, like, snowpack.
Audio shared by Mike: And there's, like, horror frost on the walls, so it's, like.
Mike: rough stone with, like, spidery ice cracks. And after another, maybe… 20 feet, it splits.
Mike: You come to, like, a dead end, like, a dead end, almost, and it splits.
Mike: So you can either go, it twists, and do any of you have any magical ability to keep direction?
Eric Rosenbaum: No. An erroneous belief that I have, I'd really excellent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I want to make the case that both I'm proficient in survival and I have a strong survival skill, but I'm also used to navigating, like, through the snows in winter, in the mountains. I think I have a pretty good sense of direction.
Mike: So that's…
Audio shared by Mike: the tunnel twists, like, it makes a few twists, right? Like, as you go, like, it twists to the left and then to the right a few times, and then…
Audio shared by Mike: Split. It's like forks.
Mike: Right? So there's, like, one branch going off to the left and one going off to the right.
Tim Sackton: Pick a direction, Drain.
Audio shared by Mike: Kate, you're muted.
Kate Sackton: Sorry, was talking to a child, now talking to you.
Kate Sackton: it would waste a lot of time if Rolla checked down every set of oftins and passages, so…
Kate Sackton: Why don't we just…
Kate Sackton: We're headed north.
Kate Sackton: We've veered of… We've veered sort of left, so let's take the left hand.
Kate Sackton: Just sort of be consistent.
Mike: You go about another 15…
Mike: feet? I mean, you're… how close are you guys… you're walking fairly tight pattern, I assume?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: You go around about another 15 feet, and it starts to slope down pretty noticeably, like a substantial, like, steep, almost steep enough, not steep enough that…
Mike: it's actually dangerous for a party of adventures, but Kalima's, like, footing gets a little un… uncertain. Like, there's definitely ice patches on the ground, like, some black ice and stuff on the stone, you have to be a little careful as you walk. It would be dangerous for any of our parents, let's put it that way.
Mike: And you sort of go down steeply, maybe…
Mike: 30, 25, 30 feet. And there's…
Mike: You come to a small sort of room with four passages… five… four passages, kind of like a… like a finger without, without a thumb.
Mike: Sort of branching off.
Mike: And as you come out into this room, like, .
Audio shared by Mike: Again, it's… it's similar…
Audio shared by Mike: passageway, like, there's a… there's little snow floor… snow on the floor, a big wind… like, a dust of wind sort of blows up very suddenly as you come out of this room, and all the snow sort of swirls around you for a minute.
Audio shared by Mike: And you're sort of standing in this passageway with…
Mike: Four directions you can go.
Tim Sackton: I'll just take a minute and do the Gandalf thing, is like, is there any difference in the wind coming from any of the passageways?
Mike: Make a… intelligence check.
Tim Sackton: 16.
Mike: the two passageways, like, these two, like, again, it's like a hand, these two passageways here seem very still. There's a wind blowing… you notice a wind blowing down, like, there's some air flowing down this passageway and up this passageway.
Mike: So, like, as you're standing, sort of feeling at the passageways, you can feel a breeze going down this one and coming back into the room from this one.
Tim Sackton: We have no basis to choose here, so let's go to one that doesn't have wind.
Tim Sackton: The farthest to the right.
Mike: Okay?
Mike: You go down about…
Mike: 50 feet, and you hear, like, a loud dripping of water, but you can't…
Mike: You don't see anything, but you hear a loud sort of dripping of water as you go down 50 feet.
Audio shared by Mike: And then it dead ends.
Mike: Sort of where you hear the dripping, but it's just… it's just a wall of ice.
Mike: In the middle of the passageway.
David S. Kong: So some, like, you know, Echo, Echo, out of his whole crew, has probably spent the most time actually in the Chasm, right?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: you know, now we're walking around, doing this, like, is this at all familiar to, like, any type of landscape that he's ever been in inside the chasm, or does this really feel like its own unique little bubble that is, like… you know what I mean?
David S. Kong: Oh, this, this, this, you know, there's aspects of this that feel familiar to the actual chasm.
Mike: dead.
Audio shared by Mike: It's…
Mike: I mean, you could be in some…
Audio shared by Mike: You feel… it feels kind of inside right now.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? Yeah. Like, you're not open to the sky, you're in a tunnel. Like, it could be a tunnel in the wall of the chasm somewhere. But…
David S. Kong: I presume, you know, Echo's… there are tunnels in the wall, and you've probably been in it, you know what I mean?
Mike: It doesn't… it doesn't feel… I mean, it's nowhere… if it's… if it's somewhere in the chasm, it's deeper than you've ever been, probably.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: What, what's down?
Audio shared by Mike: In the far depths, like, it's not like you've gone down…
Mike: No. There's no bottom, you haven't gone down.
David S. Kong: But I guess what I'm trying to say is, is this similar to stuff that Echo has seen, or does this feel very different? This feels like a…
Mike: No, it's…
Audio shared by Mike: It…
Mike: It doesn't have…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, the vibe of the stuff you've seen in the Chasm is, like…
Mike: Old and abandoned.
Mike: Right? It's, like, carved, it's, like, these, like… you know…
Mike: A floating rock with a… with, like, an ancient carved…
Mike: stone seat on it that nobody knows why there's just a seat. Like, it just… whereas…
Mike: This has, like, it feels a little bit alive to you.
Mike: Like, The chasm… the chasm typically feels abandoned, right? It's… it's a…
Audio shared by Mike: It's…
Mike: it's left behind from some mysterious thing. It's not…
Audio shared by Mike: That…
Mike: But it just doesn't… it doesn't have that sense.
Kate Sackton: Cool.
Kate Sackton: backtrack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: Two things Finan's paying attention to as we… as we walk right. First, where is… there's… this dripping sound is coming from somewhere above us.
Mike: Now, past… it sounds like it's coming from past the ice, that you're… you walked down, and it sounded like it was coming at… as you were walking down the quarter, it sounded like it was coming in from in front of you.
Mike: Right? And then you came to this block of ice that totally blocks the passage. And it still sounds like it's coming from in front of you.
Tim Sackton: And the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: Stone floors.
Tim Sackton: Finan is certainly no seeker, but…
Tim Sackton: is this the same kind of rock that's, like, around the chasm? I mean…
Tim Sackton: Does this seem… Have I walked on this kind of rock before?
Mike: make another int check, I guess.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Mike: Yeah, I mean… As best you can tell, it's… it's fairly… It's, you know, granite.
Mike: actually don't even… I'm not sure what rock would be plausible, but probably something like granite. It's not…
Mike: It's not dissimilar to, like…
Mike: when you're traveling through the Sentinels, you know, the kind of rock you'd find if you're camping out in a cave, you know, if you're taking shelter in some… some fissure in a crack in the mountain or something like that, right? Like, it's… it doesn't…
Mike: It's not like marble, you know, it's not something unexpected.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: You go back to the…
Tim Sackton: Yup, let's just take the next one.
Mike: You take the next one, and you go down about… Again, it, it, it…
Audio shared by Mike: it drops, it kind of drops down for a little bit, and then starts rising. It turns, sharply left.
Mike: And then sharply right.
Mike: And then…
Mike: Opens up into a wider room, maybe, like, 40 or 50 feet across, like, almost a sort of…
Mike: a bigger space, but with a low ceiling, only, maybe 5 or 6 feet high. So, like, it's… it definitely feels low, like, maybe… probably not more than 5 feet, so you have to crouch a little bit when you… when you start to come into the room.
Tim Sackton: I don't, but…
Mike: Well, Finn doesn't, but… and so this room,
Mike: the walls of this room are all ice. And you can see…
Mike: two egg… two passages… well, actually, how… how long… how big does light go?
Tim Sackton: 30 foot, bright, 30 foot… Dim.
Mike: Okay, so…
Tim Sackton: 20 foot light, bright, 20 foot dim, so 40 feet total.
Mike: Okay, so you can… when you walk out into the room, you can just barely make out shadowy that there's a wall on the other side, and it looks like maybe there's a darker spot, but it's hard to actually tell what's over there. Dividing the room in half…
Mike: is a crack. Like, the floor, there's, like, this crack in the floor that's maybe 15 feet across, so it's relative… or 10 feet across, so it's relatively wide.
Mike: crack in the floor. That… is…
Mike: I mean, you can't see into it from this angle.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: All around the side of the crack, like, running along the whole length of the room on the crack, are these tendrils of ice that are, like… they look like ice from where you're standing, but they're sort of growing up almost like ferns, and they're waving slightly in some sort of breeze.
Mike: And I'm not sure who's first, but whoever's first into the room, it feels substantially warmer in here than,
Mike: The other rooms that you've been into.
Mike: Like, it feels like… it almost feels like there's a warm breath of air coming up from this crack.
David S. Kong: Gotta get outta here, right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you trying to get out, or find the center, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't there something that lives in here that we're meant to… find and…
Tim Sackton: That's… according to Kalima, that's the only way out, is to find the…
Tim Sackton: Stop Zypher's… something.
Kate Sackton: Beast, champion, something, something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Tim Sackton: So can we walk into the… I mean, does the crack extend all the way to the entrance.
Mike: It… no, no, no, the crap…
Mike: is going horizontally. Like, you're… you can go up to the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike: the room this way.
Audio shared by Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm…
Kate Sackton: But we can't Cross the crab criteria side. You can't cross… wow.
Kate Sackton: I mean… Some of us can fight, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: There is a… there is a challenge in crossing the crack to the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get nervous.
Kate Sackton: Does it, like, taper towards the walls, or is it… it's just equally 15 feet wide everywhere?
Mike: There's, like, little bits of… like, as it goes under the… like, you can see there's, like, some stone where it goes, like…
Mike: into the wall, right? And there's, like, this big stone, like, the wall seems to just be…
Mike: blocking the crack, right?
Mike: It's not causing the walls, we can see little bits of snow falling off the wall, like dusting down into the crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there loose rocks or chunks of ice or anything lying around?
Mike: There's no loose rocks, but there's plenty of snow and ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'd see.
David S. Kong: You're gonna kick some, aren't you?
Mike: There's plenty of snow and ice, there's no loose rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: We cut it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make a snowball and cast light on it, and… ask, Yola, wanna…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Drop this in and see how far it goes?
Mike: So when you cast light, Kalima's light goes out, but that's okay. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO has the ability to telekinetically move objects around.
Eric Rosenbaum: The target must be a loose object that is large or smaller, or a willing creature. Transport up to 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let me do it once per short rest.
Tim Sackton: Well, if we're gonna try to cross this,
Tim Sackton: Finan's gonna look pointedly at the wings on the back of Echo and YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I suppose I could… I could lift someone over in that way, instead of using it to just toss a chunk of ice. I mean, I do have hands, I could toss a chunk of ice in that way. And he strolls up to within a few feet of the crack, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: And, lobs it in.
Mike: As you get, as you come up, like, you notice the weaving… Bits of, like…
Mike: what look like ferns, but seem to be made of ice. They get very still as you come close to them.
Mike: And you can definitely feel this, like, warm air coming up through the crack.
Mike: And as you throw the thing over.
Mike: It… it has light on it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Okay, so it's a snowball with light.
Mike: It… Disappears down the crack.
Mike: You don't… I mean, the light… Goes out…
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't hear anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: It, seems to have failed to hit any sort of bottom, unfortunately.
Mike: Or the bottom's more than 60 feet down.
Mike: 40 feet down, you would see… I guess you'd still see the light coming up.
Tim Sackton: Light, yeah, you could see the light itself from quite a long distance.
Mike: I guess it… No, the wa- after, after about… let's see, after about… 3… 2 or 3 seconds?
Mike: The light… you can see the light coming up for about 2 or 3 seconds, and then it stops.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I don't hear anything.
Mike: you don't hear any sound. But the… the things on the side, the… the… the…
Mike: There's, like, a burst of…
Mike: Warm air coming out of the crack, and the things on the side, like, the little… ferny things, like, shudder very, very,
Mike: Loudly, like, rapidly for a minute.
Mike: And a wind starts to pick up, like, there's a swirling wind in the room that's starting to sort of pick up some of the snow and blow around in a little bit of a circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: I crouched down to look more closely at one of the little ice ferns.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it look magical? Is it a creature? Or, like, a plant growth?
Mike: I mean, it looks like a fern, but it appears to be made of solid ice, but is somehow flexible. So.
Kate Sackton: DMS.
Mike: Assumption is it has to be magical, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So, okay, just not that you have to, use this in D&D, but…
Tim Sackton: An astronomer did an experiment that demonstrated that you can see a candle 1.5 miles away on a clear night.
Mike: No, but the lights stop, it, it, it…
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's still at the bottom.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, no, it went out.
Mike: Like, it wasn't… it wasn't like it gradually got far… no, sorry, I misunderstood what I was trying to say.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike: After 2 seconds or so, you weren't necessarily counting precisely, it went out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether it's dispelled or it's entirely obscured by.
Mike: Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I'll… Just light back on, you know, something we've gotten handed.
Kate Sackton: There are two other passages. We don't have to go across this one.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna just look over it, YOLO, like, what's the worst that's gonna happen?
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike: You hear a sort of fowl,
Mike: You hear sort of a howl on the wind.
Mike: Like, there's just this, like, howling… like, this wind has picked up, and there's now, like, a swirling wind blowing in, like, almost a circle in this room.
Mike: And you, you hear sort of a, a how I'll come, on the wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sound originates.
Kate Sackton: Ding.
Eric Rosenbaum: From within the room, or down the chasm, the crack, or somewhere else?
Mike: Make a perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): While he's listening, I want to look carefully around on the ground. Are there any tracks or signs of passage or movement?
Mike: Oh, wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I not in Roll20? Oops.
Tim Sackton: Just use D&D Beyond, it's fine. Yeah, just use.
Mike: and beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay, I got a 22.
Mike: It… it sounds distant, but it's very hard to place directionally, like, in a way that…
Tim Sackton: makes you a little bit uncomfortable. Like…
Mike: It should be easier to figure out which… like, it's clearly not coming from nearby, but it's like…
Mike: Something feels wrong about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Audio shared by Mike: That is strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like it's coming from some other place.
Mike: What were you saying, Schwartz? You were looking for tracks?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything, yeah, anything in the snow.
Mike: There's not really enough snow… there's not, like, thick-packed snow, it's, like, scattered, like…
Mike: bits of snow that are now all being blown about by a wind, so there's not a lot of snow to see tracks in. You can look at these little fern things around the edge, and they really don't…
Mike: There's no signs that they've been disturbed. They look…
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: They don't look broken or anything like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet. Yolo's interested in picking one, actually.
Mike: You could pick one.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO reaches out to pluck one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Off of the ground.
Mike: it's surprising… I mean, it's cold when you grab it, right? And it's… bending it, it's like…
Mike: It stiffens and cracks like ice.
Mike: And you're… it feels like you're just holding an icicle once you break it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I try waving it around to see if it will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come to life.
Mike: nothing happens. It's like… it seems like ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gave it a lick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, lengthy.
Mike: Okay, tastes like… It… it…
Mike: Has a slight, like, metallic tang, but otherwise it tastes like
Mike: I mean, I guess you've probably licked icicles before, it doesn't seam.
Mike: I mean, it's branchy.
Eric Rosenbaum: High surface area, it'll melt quickly, probably in this state.
Mike: Yes?
David S. Kong: Yolo strikes me as the type of person that licks a lot of different types of things.
Mike: Probably true.
Tim Sackton: Go for it at Justice, and ask if any rope
Tim Sackton: If he's got any rope in his pack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's see what made it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll pull out a coil, 50 feet of rope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm traveling late, but I've got this, I've got blanket, tinderbox… Not too much else.
Eric Rosenbaum: a minute.
Tim Sackton: You're welcome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Poss it over, yeah.
Tim Sackton: We'll look at the… the two Kenko.
Tim Sackton: And… suggest… that… If we tie a rope around one of your legs…
Tim Sackton: So you can't fall endlessly down to the bottom of the chasm.
Tim Sackton: Maybe somebody flies across with some light and sees what's on the other side.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I could send Rollo to see what's on the other side. They have darkvision.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's also a good idea.
Mike: can roll it.
Kate Sackton: If you're just curious about… What?
Mike: Rawa can talk to you, right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: What good widow.
Mike: Dad?
Kate Sackton: Extreme be without a communication aspect.
Tim Sackton: Hmm… Rolla… Vala does not speak any languages.
Mike: Yeah, I thought some… some beasts only understand you, they can't communicate.
Tim Sackton: But you… you have speak with animals.
Tim Sackton: So all you need to do is spend 10 minutes to ritual cast Speak with animals.
Kate Sackton: Okay, yes, that's how it works.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So you're gonna take 10 minutes to ritualcast, speak with animals, and so none of the Kenkyo are just gonna fly across the chasm.
Mike: I'm just double checking.
Kate Sackton: Neither of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm getting a little antsy.
David S. Kong: This is fun.
Mike: I mean, it's only 10 feet wide, you can see the other side, there's ground on the other side, you just can't see very clearly what's on… past the ground.
David S. Kong: Let's do it!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yo was thinking about trying to clear it without flying, actually.
Mike: jumping.
Audio shared by Mike: Just…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a big jump, yeah. He backs up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tests the… Friction of the floor, so…
David S. Kong: I will impatiently just fly over.
Mike: Okay? .
Eric Rosenbaum: This makes YOLO really upset.
Mike: As you… so.
Tim Sackton: Nobody wants a rope?
Mike: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: looking a little distraught.
Mike: You fly across, the… there's definitely a swirling wind here, I mean, it buffets you a little bit as you're flying, like, the…
Mike: And when you, when you land on the other side, looking back, the snows!
Mike: starting to blow pretty heavy, right? Like, you can only vaguely make out… you can only…
Audio shared by Mike: You can see the entrance where you came in, but it's like… everybody's kind of…
Mike: Obscured slightly by snow. By swirling snow now, as, like, this wind is picking up.
Audio shared by Mike: But otherwise, you see…
Mike: to…
Audio shared by Mike: Pass it to, like.
Mike: stone… square stone, like, passageways leading one…
Audio shared by Mike: Sort of straight across.
Mike: And one at a right angle, like… To the right.
David S. Kong: Is everybody within 60 feet of me? Just 10 feet over, right?
Mike: Yes, everybody's with.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, everywhere.
David S. Kong: So, you hear, you hear, Echo's voice in your mind saying.
David S. Kong: It's snowy on the other side, but… You… this works?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo's gonna go for a acrobatic leap across.
David S. Kong: And not fly.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: not apply.
Mike: You can, you can do that.
David S. Kong: That sucks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: I'm… When you jump, you can make a long… sorry, I'm just looking at…
Audio shared by Mike: I just need to, let's say.
Mike: You… You can leap horizontally a number of feet up to your strength score.
Mike: So… YOLO has a 10 strength.
Audio shared by Mike: Now, that's…
Mike: That's if you make a 10-foot.
Audio shared by Mike: If you make a… if you run for 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Yola has…
Mike: You could… you could clear it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought it was more than 10 feet wide.
Audio shared by Mike: It's… I mean…
Mike: Tell you what, it… it's, like, right at the edge. You might have to make a check to, like.
Mike: get your bat, like, you know, it might be 6 inches past. It's about 10 feet wide. You don't have a… you don't have a laser finder measurer, right? Like, it's right on the edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: What YOLO has is a 100% confidence in his ability to make this job.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn.
Audio shared by Mike: There you go.
Mike: Make a dex, so you start to run towards it, make a dex check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, oh, not an acrobatics check? Okay.
Mike: Wow, it could be acrobatics, if you want.
Audio shared by Mike: proficiency. You can have proficiency if you have acrobatics.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled an 8.
Mike: Roll 8. Well, the floor's quite icy, you slip. Before you even get to the jump, you slip on the icy floor, you fall prone, you go, make a deck safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
Eric Rosenbaum: 19.
Mike: Okay. You go sliding towards the edge of this thing, you crash through the little ferns, and you catch yourself before you fall into the chasm.
Mike: Into the crack, lying on the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally meant for that, investigating the crack.
Tim Sackton: I will look at, YOLO and say, you know you have wings, right?
Mike: Yo, as you're lying here, like, a hot breath comes, like, a hot burst of air comes flying up, and then…
Mike: It's like, as it… as it comes out of this, like, wet, moist air, as it's coming out of this crack, it, like…
Mike: it condenses and turns to, like, icy snow, right? And, like, all of a sudden… the room… the room is, like, there's a much denser snow cloud in the room, all of a sudden. You could probably only see about 20 feet at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it, like, something breathing?
Kate Sackton: I'm getting that vibe!
Tim Sackton: It's getting more…
Kate Sackton: You mentioned that we could just turn around and leave.
Tim Sackton: prop… well, there's… there's…
Audio shared by Mike: Two passageways here.
Tim Sackton: I think we should keep exploring until we hit a dead end.
Tim Sackton: Like, how she says, nope, we can't leave…
Tim Sackton: This is a maze, right? We gotta explore every… Rude, I mean.
Kate Sackton: There were two passageways we didn't explore back there that had… I know!
Tim Sackton: We haven't hit a dead end yet, then we retrace our path.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, YOLO flies across.
Tim Sackton: Finan's gonna just sigh.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fascinating.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll just speak in… specifically in Yolo's mind.
Tim Sackton: Little help.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, well, I can… I can lift…
Tim Sackton: one across.
Eric Rosenbaum: With telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: You're a medium creature.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just to see…
Tim Sackton: you like a mount, I can ride you like a mount. I'm a small creature.
Mike: You can also just ride on your back.
Tim Sackton: back.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't realize that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys are small, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. YOLO flies back.
Tim Sackton: The more times we cross, the snowier it's gonna get in here, I believe.
Tim Sackton: So let's be slightly organized about this.
Tim Sackton: Justice could probably jump it, but we're gonna have to carry Kalima, and… Possibly drain across.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… watch out, Justice, it's, a little slippery.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here, I'll, why don't I toss a rope across?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hold tight, I'll keep this end, and if I don't make the jump, just, you know, don't let me fall down.
Kate Sackton: clear.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, you're just…
Mike: Taking a running jump.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yes.
Mike: Alright, make a dex check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dex, you say?
Mike: Dex.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A check of some kind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm… I want to make the case that this is an athletics check, rather than a DEX check.
Mike: The jumping part, you're fine on. It's not… it's the running part that's tricky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, exactly, that it's the, the, Mmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And make a DEX check. Here we go.
Mike: I mean, you could not run. It's definitely, like, you feel the ground. If you want to try and… you could.
Mike: You could do a standing jump.
Mike: You could do a standing jump, then you don't have to make a dex check, and you could make a strength check instead to try and power your way across from standing without running.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, I'll come up to the edge, I'll test the ground, I'll feel back and forth, I'll say, I don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think I can,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think I can run this, so I'll come to the edge, I'll, you know, tie one end of the rope around me and look across. Who's got me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the other side?
Kate Sackton: Who's on the other side yet? I've lost track.
Mike: I can't.
Tim Sackton: if… fit… I'm gonna give Justice a…
Tim Sackton: Look, justice being, like, a 6-foot-tall human wearing heavy armor, and look at the rest of us,
Tim Sackton: Why don't you wait for… all of us. I think we need about a 4 to 1 ratio here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think this makes sense. I'm gonna say, I feel obliged to use the die roll that I rolled, which was a 1, under any circumstances, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I think the question is, like, can all of you hold…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably 250 pounds plus of justice, like… Falling into a crack immediately?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, my bones are literally hollow, so…
Mike: Your strength is very low across the rest of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's why we need 4 of us.
Mike: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, so with the four of you on the other end holding the rope, Justice comes right to the edge.
Mike: Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. At the moment, the two Kenku are on the far side.
Mike: Koema, Drain, Justice, and Finnin are on the near side.
Mike: Justice walked up to the thing, and is thinking about trying to jump across, and Finian said, why don't you wait until there's all of us on one side? So are the Kenku flying back?
Mike: Or is everybody crossing?
Tim Sackton: I'm not trying to jump this, there's no way my 3-foot self is gonna make it. I'm waiting for a Kenku to fly me across, and I think Kalima's gonna have to be flown across, too.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what Drain wants to do.
Kate Sackton: I'm perfectly happy to leap if I'm too hefty for a ride. I can handle that. I can give that a shot myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, YOLO comes back over.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a flap.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, who wants to ride over first?
Eric Rosenbaum: Finnan?
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna jump on your back.
Tim Sackton: On, like, a piggyback ride.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold on tight, we're gonna try the barrel roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just kidding.
Mike: So the… the… the wind at this point has really… Like, you hear, like,
Mike: screech as the wind is, like, picking up strongly at this point. Like, there's, like, this…
Mike: like, you… you could fly, but, like, you feel buffeted by the wind, right? Like, if you… you need to fly… like, if you tried to fly fast, it would… it would probably…
Mike: be difficult, right? It's like flying, it's like the air is now difficult terrain, and the snow is… is definitely… is definitely swirling stronger. Like, the visibility's just… getting worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: How are we having an indoor storm here? This is very odd. So, yellow flies finning across.
Mike: Okay, yeah, that's not a problem. Kalima's looking very nervous, and is, like, clinging to justice.
Kate Sackton: So…
Mike: Wait, we should go back, she says, this isn't safe.
Kate Sackton: I… I'm getting that vibe from her, even though I don't speak her language.
Kate Sackton: Given the difficult weather conditions, I'm not sure this is the time for unassisted athleticism.
Kate Sackton: If I had the…
Kate Sackton: If I used the capacity to levitate, would I be at any use in helping Kalima across? Would that.
Mike: I mean, the wind is blowing strong enough that if you levitated, you'd probably get pushed across.
Kate Sackton: So I was sort of hoping that maybe a kinku who was flying across could help me achieve some directionality.
Mike: Kenka could push you.
Kate Sackton: But would I provide any… would my spell provide enough lift to help Kalimus to be airborne as well?
Kate Sackton: Like, if a Kenku was flying and I was levitating, could we sort of divide up her weight between us?
Mike: You could probably manage that, yeah?
Mike: If they… if a Kenku was sort of holding half of her, and you were… like, two people could easily carry her in, like, a… one holding her shoulders, one holding her legs.
Kate Sackton: So we split up… we split up the… the weight, and the tank who provides the direction with their actual scale.
Mike: What?
Kate Sackton: lying.
Mike: Yeah. Alright. You could do that.
Kate Sackton: gonna… I'm gonna expend a,
Kate Sackton: uses the power of my cloak to levitate to get across this, that way I can lend Kalima a hand.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Hong, are you still on our side of…
Kate Sackton: The pit, did you come back? I forget who's on which.
Mike: I mean, the kangaroo could fly back in… like, it's… it's… the wind is blowing, but it's not…
Kate Sackton: But we're… we're trying to minimize the trips across, because it's not making the wind worse, so…
David S. Kong: We're going back, yeah, I can just fly-fly back over.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Mike: I appreciate it.
Kate Sackton: appreciate your.
Mike: Now, everybody's across except Justice.
Kate Sackton: So now we all hold the rope.
Kate Sackton: Justice tries for his leap, right?
Kate Sackton: Before…
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no.
Tim Sackton: have much here. Nobody's got, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is.
Tim Sackton: spike or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, to tie the rope.
Tim Sackton: Man, we really need Seeker on this adventure.
Tim Sackton: Performance of creation, you've got everything you need.
Eric Rosenbaum: Justice is… A willing creature… So I.
Tim Sackton: Telekinetically just…
Mike: Can I just tell him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim McCross.
Mike: Yes, you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I, I think…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something my size, you can telekin… neat?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you're about to jump, aren't you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I'm… I'm happy to be interrupted as I'm…
Mike: Gathering myself for my little standing long jump here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just watching.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the failure is that Justice does not make it even one foot. Like, the failure is that the feet just go out immediately under him pushing off, and he just goes directly downwards.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Hey, hold on a second. No, I intervened.
Eric Rosenbaum: telekinesis.
Kate Sackton: Oh, no, no.
Mike: What do you do?
Kate Sackton: Can I get justice's attention? I think I'm just gonna cast the first level spell, Jump.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can make it, this is not a difficult… I mean…
Mike: This is fairly confident in his strength.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: sleeping.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've jumped bigger chasms than this in my day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Mike: Usually with a running start, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: But… but I know how slippery it is over there, having just fallen on my face, so I will ready my telekinesis action, so that when… Okay.
Mike: So it just doesn'.
Eric Rosenbaum: from under him.
Mike: Justice hits the… misses… misses the step on his, sort of, leap, trying to just be too powerful, like, mistimes the step, and just, like, steps off the side of the… of the chasm accidentally, right? Like…
Mike: fall down. You are holding the rope.
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's tied to me, yeah.
Mike: The rope is tied to you, and they're on the other side, so you fall and you start swinging across, right? Like, your weight starts taking you across. You feel, like, a heat? Like, you're in… let's see, how… the rope's 50 feet of rope?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but…
Kate Sackton: We're holding a lot.
Mike: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): black.
Mike: like, 15 feet of slack, so you… you swing down 15 feet, you're in pitch blackness when you go down in 15 feet. Like, you can't see above you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, so I'm…
Mike: And you feel like a hot air all around you.
Tim Sackton: I will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blackness because of the mechanics of the light spell, or pitch blackness because something else is going on?
Mike: Pitch blackness because all of a sudden, Justice cannot see a thing. It's like the lights went out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, well…
Eric Rosenbaum: Using my telekinesis to pull him back up.
Mike: You guys can still see him, you just… you just can't see him.
Tim Sackton: I will… I will… Silent speech, justice, everything okay?
Mike: I mean, this all takes about…
Mike: maybe, tax, I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Presumably. Presumably.
Tim Sackton: That's the far side of the wall.
Mike: You, you hit the far side.
Mike: It's… there's, like… it's, like, very rough and has sharp ice. You actually take 2 points of damage as you hit the far side.
Mike: And the rope starts to slip. I mean, you guys are not…
Mike: Doing a great job at keeping him from falling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I'll smash the spiky end of the battle axe into the wall to stop my descent.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, you're not descending rapidly. It's not like… it's like, you feel you jumped out, but you can't see anything, but you feel yourself fall down one or two sides, you…
Mike: You, by feel, smash the battleaxe into the wall, and you kind of get a decent hold.
Kate Sackton: Isn't YOLO also yanking on him?
Mike: Are you talcan eating him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet.
Mike: Well, if you don't eat him, he just comes flying up.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, he just comes flying back, straight up in the air.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does my site come back as soon as I cross the… Yep. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice brushes himself off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… I probably should have said yes to that jump spell. In fairness, too, this is not the first time this same thing has happened to me. As soon as I went in, though, did the lights go out for all of you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, as soon as I went in there, I couldn't see a thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is…
Mike: You guys…
Kate Sackton: I'm glad that you… I'm glad that you made it past that with only a momentary loss of vision.
Kate Sackton: Let's…
Mike: Two points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Let's run down some tunnel.
Tim Sackton: There's one to the.
Kate Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: And one straight ahead.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Let's go to the one to the right. Do I hear the dripping sound?
Mike: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there a breeze?
Mike: I'll… It's… there's a… I mean, there's a gusty wind. It's probably 20 mile an hour winds.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: behind us?
Mike: Wow.
Kate Sackton: them?
Mike: just swirling. It's hard to… I mean, they're not coming in any one direction, they keep changing, they keep shifting, right? So, like, sometimes they're blowing from behind you, sometimes from in front of you,
Mike: And there's… the wind is actually… is actually loud enough that it's hard… I mean, you can hear each other talk, but, like, you could never hear… it's… the wind has picked up enough, and it's howling enough that that dripping sound, you would never be able to hear.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: to where
Kate Sackton: towards the door that we're planning to head towards? Does it seem like a continuation of that storm, or, like, a way out of it?
Mike: I mean, you can barely see the two exits. You can go into one of them.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm saying, is let's go to the threshold of the one on the right.
Mike: I mean, the wind is coming just as strongly from up, like, as you step into the threshold, there's, like, a burst of a snowy gust that's blowing up the quarter towards you.
Kate Sackton: This doesn't seem to be getting any better, this weather condition that we're having locally.
Mike: Do you want to quickly try the other…
Kate Sackton: Thing and see if the weather is different in the other tunnel.
Kate Sackton: Before we go too far down this blizzard.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose so.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike: When you turn around, that's not there.
Mike: passageway stop there.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: There is one on the wall directly across from you, though, as you sort of…
Mike: So, like, you turned to the right, you started… you started down the path, it was Howling Wind, you turned around, came back, and saw the one that was originally directly across as gone, and the ones… and… but there's… seems to be an opening in the wall.
Mike: Directly across from the one that… on the right, that's to the left of your… where you crossed now.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Turn back to the original one, or go down the one…
Kate Sackton: a new one?
Mike: the new one.
Tim Sackton: I just throw a snowball down the new one, or hand a snowball to somebody who's good at throwing things.
Mike: I mean…
Tim Sackton: Drainer.
Mike: Dis… Disappears into the snow.
Tim Sackton: Right? You can't see that far.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Visibility's probably only about 30 feet at this point.
Tim Sackton: Let's just explore down this passage, we're already here.
Kate Sackton: Alright, fine.
Kate Sackton: Let's see if there was a better option.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that there are no wrong decisions to make.
Mike: I'm with you on that.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike: You… Sorry, I'm just looking for my notes. You,
Mike: you… as you go down the… I mean, the wind doesn't… doesn't let up as you go down this passageway, right? Like, it's… it's…
Mike: It… the… the walls feel, like, very close.
Mike: there's just wind sort of blowing down. It's all made of… it's all made of stone, but you can actually see ice growing, like, as you, like, look… as you're walking to the left, or the right on these stone pastaways. You can see, like, this ice just sort of thickening on the… on the stone, and under your feet, too. It's like, there's…
Audio shared by Mike: Ice is almost starting… as you step, it's like ice is growing up underneath your foot, making the terrain quite treacherous.
Mike: So you have to sort of pick your way, fairly carefully. Like, I mean, you could try and walk normal, but, like, it almost literally seems like wherever you put your foot down, some ice is growing as you put your foot down underneath your foot.
Mike: As you walk.
Mike: So it's, it's… relatively difficult to move down this passageway. And it goes for… maybe…
Mike: 100 feet, dead straight.
Mike: And… at the end of…
Mike: But it's hard to say exactly. At the end of the 100 feet.
Mike: There is a… a sharp turn to the left.
Mike: And then almost immediately, almost like a U-turn, a sharp turn, again.
Mike: So, like, you turn left, and then left again. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And then you go maybe another…
Mike: 15 feet, and there's another sharp turn to the left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: over Downing?
Mike: Maybe a little bit down, but you don't… I mean, it's really… you're… it's hard to tell.
Mike: And you go another, maybe… 30, 40 feet.
Mike: And… you come out in a… Small… chamber.
Mike: Like… Carved stone, free of ice, very, very… but very, very, very cold, like, almost… Frozen.
Mike: And it's… It's, like, it's… maybe… it's, like, 10, 15 feet across, maybe, and there's a stone… like…
Mike: Not really a bench, but, like,
Mike: Just, like, a flat spot on the wall, and there's a corpse, like, sitting on the flat spot, like, its arms, like, frozen.
Mike: into the… into the ice behind you, and its legs, like, frozen. Like, you can see, like, ice surrounding its… its hands and feet, basically, trapping it in place.
Kate Sackton: Is there any other way out of this room, or did we.
Mike: Sorry, it keeps… it keeps going. The passageway keeps… it, like, opens up a little bit, but the passageway keeps going on the other side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll go over… wait, so there's a corpse that's been stuck in ice? That's been… Yeah. Swallowed by ice?
Mike: Oh, no, well, it's hands and feet. It's like, it's like…
Mike: spread eagles against the wall, and its hands and feet have been swelled by ice. It has… it's not skeletal, right? Like, it still has features. But it has… it has, like…
Mike: It doesn't… it has, like, a,
Mike: I don't want to say, like, a look of…
Mike: terror on his face exactly, because he can't… it's a little bit rotted away, but, like, it doesn't… it's, like, mouth… it's like… it looks like something scared it before it died.
Mike: Hey.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It has a… it has a… it has a mouth, though.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I won't.
Eric Rosenbaum: creature is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll go…
Mike: human.
Tim Sackton: I'll…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it just…
Tim Sackton: my hand at Finnan, er, sorry, at Justice.
Tim Sackton: I think I know what you're gonna do, and I'm gonna pick a scroll out of my…
Audio shared by Mike: writing case.
Tim Sackton: Hold it up, say, let me get this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was looking at this, what?
Tim Sackton: And I will open a scroll, and I will read off the spell, Speak with Dead.
Mike: Wait, you have a Speak with Dead Skrull?
Tim Sackton: I do.
Mike: What's up. Okay.
Mike: I didn't… I didn't realize you kept your score. No, that's fine. That's good school.
Tim Sackton: It was in my writing case.
Tim Sackton: I'll speak with Dad.
Mike: Okay, it, It wakes up, Speak with.
Tim Sackton: Before I cast Speak with Dead, I will ask… well, the spell lasts 10 minutes, so we have time to discuss what questions you want to ask.
Mike: You get 3 questions, or 5? I don't remember how many questions you get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 5.
Tim Sackton: Speak with Dad gives you 5 questions.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: What kind of skeleton is it?
Mike: It's a human… it's not a skeleton, it's still fleshy.
Mike: Oh, okay. Like, it… it… human. Yeah, yeah. It's where… I mean, it has… there's actually… there's some equipment around. It has, it looks like… he looks like he was a warrior. There's, like, a shield, a… a bow, a quiver with some arrows, two unwit torches at its feet.
Mike: It's wearing…
Audio shared by Mike: like.
Mike: marred and cracked, but possibly still salvageable weather armor. There's, two daggers on its belt.
Mike: all seem relatively intact, like a helm.
David S. Kong: How long, dead?
Mike: how would you know?
David S. Kong: Like, years? Days?
Mike: M.
Mike: Does… does Echo have any way of knowing that?
Mike: just… just trying to… I mean, you could make a intelligence check, I guess.
Mike: Erwin.
Kate Sackton: I could ask him.
David S. Kong: Alright, let's just talk to them.
Tim Sackton: The first thing I will… I will ask him.
Tim Sackton: I will… I will,
Tim Sackton: begin speaking in old Zimkoven, and see if it seems like he understands, but I'm prepared to…
Tim Sackton: switch languages if necessary, although I don't have that many other great options.
Mike: I still observed.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: and the first thing I will ask is… Where are you from?
Kate Sackton: What terribly dangerous thing kills you that we should do?
Tim Sackton: The next thing I'll ask, how do you.
David S. Kong: How about, like, how do we get out of here?
Mike: Where are you from? .
Tim Sackton: The first thing fit.
Mike: Brendan wants to know, where are you from? Yeah, hold on, did I…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't think I… Cool.
David S. Kong: Say a tomato, or you say tomato?
Mike: I am surprised I didn't actually write down the name of where he's from. Hold on, sorry, give me one second.
Mike: Let's see… Melusa.
Kate Sackton: Excuse me.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: It's the only place, he says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that… sorry, does that name ring any bells? What is that?
Mike: Melusa? I mean, it sounds old Timkovan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Kate Sackton: does.
Audio shared by Mike: Haley to react.
Mike: Yes, her eyes widen.
Mike: She… she… She sort of clutches the,
Mike: the token that Justice gave her, and sort of,
Mike: Steps… steps away from him a little bit, like…
Mike: She seems a little nervous about the whole talking to the dead thing. Like, it's clearly not, like, magic she's used to.
Mike: But she doesn't seem… she recognized… she clearly recognized the… the name Melusa, but none of you have heard of it.
Tim Sackton: Where did you die?
Tim Sackton: Or how did you die? How did you die?
Mike: he says,
Mike: Fair.
Mike: the… Good.
Mike: the wind.
Mike: came alive.
Mike: I couldn't… Find my way through.
Mike: I failed.
Mike: It's, it was sharp.
Mike: Just like you'd think Sophia's minion would be.
David S. Kong: Who's the Vi again?
Mike: Zephia is… you're in Zephia's Labyrinth. Zephia is in the mythology of the Gustava, the… The religion is the…
Mike: the, spirit of the cruel west wind.
Mike: and Sophia's children, are, like… cause.
Mike: Trouble and have to be placated.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I will turn back to the group and say in common, so if this person doesn't understand the question.
Tim Sackton: Or I'll just say with telepathy, with silent speech to each person in turn. So, my other two questions are…
Tim Sackton: Why did you come in here?
Tim Sackton: And do you know how we… er, how do we get out?
Tim Sackton: But I'm taking… if anybody else has suggestions…
Tim Sackton: Let me know. We have 3 more questions.
Tim Sackton: And I will also say the same to
Tim Sackton: Kalima, trying to be reassuring and saying.
Tim Sackton: It's okay. I have magic to get stories out of even people who have died.
Audio shared by Mike: Is there anything that we should ask?
Tim Sackton: This person that might help us find our way through the maze.
Tim Sackton: Trying to be as calming as possible, but also telepathically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lima…
Mike: says to you telepathically, here, I'll actually tell you what she says. You're talking to everybody telepathically.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody else answered Tim's question, I'm just typing. Yeah, just as the reply, I wonder if we don't want to know the way out as much as we want to know the way to the center?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or the way to find…
Audio shared by Mike: You know, you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever it is we need to kill before it will unlock the door out for us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe, how do we get out?
Tim Sackton: Hopefully covers that, but maybe we should be more specific.
Audio shared by Mike: Or…
Mike: Sorry, I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, what are we looking for again? What's the name of the thing?
Tim Sackton: It's a fire…
Kate Sackton: Minion?
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So that is Minions, that is Beast?
Tim Sackton: We find suffice.
Tim Sackton: Who is Zephia's minion, or how do we find Zephya's minion?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something like that, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'll ping back to Drain, Echo, and YOLO. Any questions to ask the dead corpse?
Mike: Sorry, what did you… what did you say to,
Mike: Where was your question to Klima again?
Mike: It was just…
Tim Sackton: We, you know, I…
Audio shared by Mike: Have magic to get stories out of even people who have died, don't be afraid of it.
Tim Sackton: But we can ask only 3 more questions, and is there anything that you think would be useful to know?
Tim Sackton: Or is there any question you think we should ask this person?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justices also say, ask… ask if we have their permission to take their gear with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Torches, knives, these things could be helpful.
Kate Sackton: It's a good use for a last question, if we run out of questions.
Audio shared by Mike: Death.
Kate Sackton: If we don't run out questions.
Tim Sackton: I'll wait to see what Kalima says.
Tim Sackton: I will reply, I will send back to everybody in turn.
Tim Sackton: Well, first I'll ask, why… Or, sorry.
Tim Sackton: what was it just… that Justice suggested towards, how do we… who is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How do we find… how do we find the minion? How do we… or how do we find the center?
Kate Sackton: beast.
Tim Sackton: I think I'll just ask… Ask.
Tim Sackton: How do we… How do we… or, like, what are we supposed to… How do we escape?
Tim Sackton: the labyrinth.
Tim Sackton: Let's… if we have to find the sender to cover… to escape, and he knows that, he should tell us, right?
Kate Sackton: Right, I think I'll try that. How do we escape the labyrinth?
Mike: I died here.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't know.
Mike: If I… if I knew…
Mike: The wind took me.
Mike: Stories do not come out of the labyrinth.
Mike: No one escapes. It's not possible.
Tim Sackton: So… How did… Why did he come in, possibly? Although, Kalima told us last time that people are…
Tim Sackton: Every sunset or sunrise, people have to go in.
Tim Sackton: appease… Sophia, so maybe that's not that useful.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, probably just like, it was the day!
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Of course.
Kate Sackton: Or did he die the first time he saw the thing? Like, did he ever… gather any…
Kate Sackton: Was that thing the only thing that ever troubled him? Were there other things that he had survived first?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll bounce back to Justice and say…
Tim Sackton: Kalima is worried that his soul is cursed and lost.
Tim Sackton: Do you know…
Tim Sackton: I do not think he will know.
Tim Sackton: What happened to his soul.
Tim Sackton: But… If you can still reach the Gestavo… Perhaps there is a… ritual, you can…
Tim Sackton: I've seen you passing through the villages before.
Tim Sackton: Helping… people guide…
Tim Sackton: helping the Gestavo guide People's souls beyond death.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll… I'll ask her, Mike. Like, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to try and figure out where he's from, because, like, I could use the big, sort of generic Gustavo, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if I can figure out where in particular he was from, I'd know the local gods to…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to or ask for. So, can I talk with her and ask, where is this place? Like, describe the way to get there.
Mike: S-
Mike: to.
Tim Sackton: Probably his time.
Mike: You're asking Kalima how to get to…
Tim Sackton: Lisa.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or asking her if she can't do that, like, who are the Gestavo of that place?
Mike: They're… She looks, I mean… They're lost to us.
Mike: They're only stories for us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because they're so old?
Mike: cuz… Because Zephia doesn't… doesn't tolerate…
Audio shared by Mike: Others.
Mike: There's always a fire.
Mike: None of the others can… There is only…
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Mike: prey to Sapphire.
Mike: I do not.
Tim Sackton: Kalima ever tell us where she was from?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I wanna try and, like, triangulate that by… Names, or landmarks, or…
Tim Sackton: I'll ask her as well, where she is from. I still have a few minutes left on this bill.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, she… Melissa.
Tim Sackton: She is awesome.
Mike: is only…
Tim Sackton: Lisa.
Audio shared by Mike: There are no other… I mean…
Mike: She looks… she looks ne- like… Sheep.
Audio shared by Mike: You don't get the sense she's, like, knows of any other villages.
Audio shared by Mike: Right.
Mike: This is, like, the only village.
Mike: He's a little…
Audio shared by Mike: Surprised that there's, like, other people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can she describe, like, what are the mountains that she sees from the village? Like, what is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I think Justice knows enough of, like, the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's be… what can you see when you look out from the village?
Mike: The village… our village.
Mike: It's… it sapphires.
Mike: We… We see storms above.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay.
Mike: If you look out, It is…
Mike: It is carved in the… in the ice?
Mike: On the side of a gray cliff that goes up.
Mike: Higher and higher beyond anything that anybody can see.
Mike: A river comes crashing down off the cliff and pools.
Mike: And… goes through the rip of the village, and…
Mike: Then, off the other side, down into the depths.
Mike: We live… In a patch on the side of the cliff.
Mike: Fish come in the river, and that's how we eat.
Tim Sackton: Okay, while Justice is talking to Kalima, I am gonna ask my next question, which is going to be…
Tim Sackton: you are… I will just ask, you are lost and… You are dead.
Tim Sackton: in Zephia's Labyrinth.
Tim Sackton: Is there anything we can do to ease the journey of your soul?
Mike: Huh.
Mike: Sophia…
Mike: I mean… I don't know what he'd…
Tim Sackton: You told me to ask this, Mike, so there's.
Mike: I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I just… I'm struggling with the metaphysics a little bit.
Mike: I feel trapped, he says. I, I… I… the walls… of this place.
Mike: It's like, as I wander, as I… as I…
Mike: move, I am still in the maze. I can… it's like I can almost… see it. I…
Mike: everywhere I go, I mean, clearly he's… he…
Mike: he seems almost like he's describing a ghost-type experience. I… I do not know how to get out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm, maybe…
Mike: Maybe if you brought some token, Of mine.
Tim Sackton: That's what I was suggesting, Ted. Well…
Tim Sackton: Okay, I have one more question I'm gonna ask.
Tim Sackton: I can't think of anything better, so I'm gonna ask, unless somebody has a different suggestion.
Tim Sackton: Why did you come into the labyrinth?
Tim Sackton: I'll send that to everybody telepathically.
Tim Sackton: Pause a second for each person to answer.
Tim Sackton: And if I get no response, I will ask.
Tim Sackton: Why did you come into the lab?
Eric Rosenbaum: Makes sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: at sunrise.
Mike: Sophia Selects… Or the village selects.
Mike: a… sacrifice.
Mike: It was my turn. My bad luck.
Mike: I had no choice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: the body deanimates, his voice goes away. I will suggest that anybody who's good at Gathering and searching.
Tim Sackton: Look around the body, gather anything useful, and particularly try to find anything that might be…
Tim Sackton: Like, Any kind of…
Tim Sackton: symbol of any kind of gestavo or anything.
Tim Sackton: and while they do that.
Tim Sackton: I am going to use all 3 charges of my memory of the ancestors.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay. To roll a 20 on a history check.
Tim Sackton: For which I have plus 8, so that's a total of a 28. To search the memory of the halflings.
Tim Sackton: to… who traveled extensively throughout the Western Green Sea prior to the downfall.
Tim Sackton: Any recollection in my ancestral mind of the halflings of The place, Melusa.
Tim Sackton: Or any word that might conceivably be…
Tim Sackton: Melusa could have turned into from the sort of ancient village.
Mike: Go ahead, Chris.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was gonna say, it sounds like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a village in the chasm, right? That the West Wind has captured or controlled.
Tim Sackton: But I think it came… I don't think it originated in the cast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that it was something before that. Got it, got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. Weird.
Mike: You…
Audio shared by Mike: Search your memory.
Mike: There's… I mean, halflings have traveled up and down the theft.
Audio shared by Mike: in…
Mike: there used to be. Yes.
Mike: There used to be a, long ago, stories of,
Mike: cluster, I mean, there was a… there was a… there was a,
Mike: There was a particularly notable,
Mike: ancient… well, at the time, it wasn't ancient, but a particularly notable, shrine to a… to a Gestavo, that was the Gestavo of a… of a waterfall,
Audio shared by Mike: in…
Mike: on the taft, right? On the upper taft.
Mike: one of the many Gustavo who vanished during the down… or who, as far as anybody knows, vanished during the… during the, sort of, period of… of disruption between the ancient, ancient days and the,
Mike: And… post-downfall, when it was sort of more established, who was…
Audio shared by Mike: was cut… this… this…
Mike: Gustavo was called, Melua, which sounds like… I don't know, maybe I'm making up… it would be a word that would…
Mike: That would clearly be…
Mike: related to Melusa, and possibly, like, Melusa probably means the village of Melua, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: I mean, this is not a place that still exists.
Tim Sackton: Are they…
Mike: Is it?
Tim Sackton: As far as my… as far as the memory of the ancestors is concerned, this is a…
Tim Sackton: Memory of a village on the theft.
Tim Sackton: In the upper tap, so presumably.
Mike: Before the Great Chasm existed. Yeah, the memory, correct. The memory is only of the…
Mike: This pilgrimage is to this notable waterfall.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Right? But you presumed there was a village there, right? The name… the linguistic pattern would… I mean, there would be a village, it would make sense from the…
Tim Sackton: So, I will tell everybody then… That…
Tim Sackton: There… I will tell everybody this.
Tim Sackton: And, you know, put it to a story, basically, that, there used to be…
Tim Sackton: Melusa, this place that they describe, is a…
Tim Sackton: It was probably the village of a particular Gestavo that was…
Tim Sackton: associated with a waterfall in the Taft that I think.
Tim Sackton: comes from before the Great Chasm, and I'll give Echo a little nudge.
Tim Sackton: And wake him up, and say.
Tim Sackton: Do you… do you… are there any stories that they… that you've heard from the monastery, or the… I forget the name of your…
Tim Sackton: The group you… Veho Vakai. The Veho Vakai, about how the Great Chasm formed?
David S. Kong: How it formed.
Tim Sackton: Where did it come from?
David S. Kong: Good question. What's the, what's the canonical belief amongst the Mist Eye?
Mike: I think… I think it's almost… like… People don't really…
Mike: It's too mysterious, like, it's not really…
Mike: There's so many stories, it's like nobody is really…
Mike: there's not really a canonical, like… like, a lot of people think it's been there forever, right? It came with Taugar, right? Like, where did anything come from?
Mike: Right? Some people will say it's the oldest thing there is, right? It came from wherever… where did the mountains come from? Where did the rivers come from, right? Like, it's just been here forever. Other people think it's, like,
Mike: I mean, the Vehovah Kai, like, a lot of people think it's… it's like a curse, like a wound, like a… like a bad place, right? The Vehovah Kai are all about, no, that's wrong. It's,
Mike: You know, it's… it's a… it's a place of… of… Balance and… and sort of…
David S. Kong: Elemental.
Mike: Mysticism, right? And Elemental, there's, like, a strong… I mean, there's
Mike: there's a lot of people who think that there's portals to various, you know, elemental vortexes in the chasm, and you can get to other planes. The Bay of Akai sometimes have to, like…
Mike: Weird scholars come from somewhere far away, like, we're investigating, like…
Mike: how you travel to other planes, like Seeker, probably, has come to the chasm. Actually, it's probably too early for Seeker's, no, it wouldn't be.
Mike: When… when… anyway, somebody like Seeker could possibly be, like, investigating stories of… you can get to the plane of air through here and stuff like that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Seeker's just gonna learn the truth when he becomes a member of the Philosopher's Guild. Why ask questions anymore?
Mike: So… so the, like, the stories are kind of… there's no…
Mike: There's no tales amongst the Veh of Akai that it was created in some particular.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: From a particular time.
Mike: Like, the idea of before the chasm is actually a little bit…
Audio shared by Mike: would be a little bit surprising. I mean, obviously there could… it's plausible.
Tim Sackton: So… So I think we should keep moving, because it's getting cold, but…
Tim Sackton: Did anybody search the body while I was doing all this?
Audio shared by Mike: Sure.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's search the body.
Mike: I mean, you find, like I said before, there's two daggers, there's about…
Mike: 20 arrows. A bow, although the bow's not in good shape.
Audio shared by Mike: Armor, weather armor, a helmet.
Mike: A battered shield, none of those are in very good shape.
Mike: Ayy… But the daggers and the arrows certainly are. Two torches.
Audio shared by Mike: A backpack.
Mike: That would… that looks like maybe it used to have some…
Audio shared by Mike: Rations or something, but it's all moldy and… You know, it's…
Mike: Mostly things are pretty well preserved, because it's cold, but the… the rations don't seem to have…
Audio shared by Mike: stayed good.
Tim Sackton: I'm taking the two torches.
Mike: And there's also.
Audio shared by Mike: The only… the only interesting,
Audio shared by Mike: other item is there's not hard to find. He's wearing a necklace, with, like, a small…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, a ring.
Mike: like, a silver ring. Nothing… no carvings on it, just, like, a plain silver ring.
Audio shared by Mike: Around his neck.
Mike: Like, like a… just a band.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take that.
Tim Sackton: Anybody want the daggers, or the… I assume…
Tim Sackton: Drain is taking the… drain is taking the arrows.
Kate Sackton: I would like the arrows.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take the daggers.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So let's continue… Down this passageway.
Mike: You continue down the passageway for, I mean, the… the…
Mike: the… Storm is pretty… pretty tough at the moment, right? Like, as you go… .
Audio shared by Mike: You're… it's difficult to move,
Audio shared by Mike: It's not really gotten… maybe it's gotten a tiny bit better, right, as you weave this… this corpse behind.
Mike: But it's definitely… there's strong gusts of wind, the… the… the… you hear, like, as you're walking, you hear, like.
Audio shared by Mike: crack of ice.
Mike: in, like, a boom. You can't pinpoint it, like, just in the distance, right? Like…
Mike: You… you know, the… you can only see about 20 feet.
Audio shared by Mike: 30 feet.
Mike: completely white-out conditions beyond 30 feet. You can make out dim shapes 20 feet away, you.
Audio shared by Mike: walking, like I said, like, as you walk, the ice is forming, like, under your feet. It almost seems to be trying to trip you, if you…
Mike: Walk more than half speed, it's difficult.
Mike: Bad to me.
Mike: But you make your way down,
Mike: There's… as you're walking down this corridor, there's two passageways that go off on the left or right.
Mike: Like, just get gaps in the darkness.
Tim Sackton: And it continues beyond that.
Mike: 80 straight, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Keep walking.
Mike: It… You hit a dead end as you keep walking.
Mike: it's just black stone in front. It almost comes out of nowhere, like, you're walking along, you don't even think you saw it, and then all of a sudden, whoever's in the front is, like, 2 inches from the rock. You're like, wait, did I…
Mike: It's a little puzzling where it came from.
Tim Sackton: Left or right.
Tim Sackton: It's all just guessing at this point, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Kate Sackton: ending.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we've been trending right over there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stay with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, are you drawing a map?
Tim Sackton: jam.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give up on it. Oh, you had it, wow.
Mike: I'm curious what your map looks like.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's obviously not a real physical place, because there's several.
Mike: Impossible.
Tim Sackton: impossible turns.
Mike: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna pin you.
Mike: Yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice.
Mike: That's pretty good. I mean, yes, there are… you have gone through several impossible turns.
Tim Sackton: So, right, meaning when we're facing back towards the…
Tim Sackton: Chamber, the one on the right, so the one on the left as we came.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: As you turn down that, as you turn into that chamber,
Mike: like, you, you hear a… like, just as you… whoever's in front, like, Drain, as you, like, take two steps, you hear, like, a.
Audio shared by Mike: A boom.
Mike: Like, almost like, it sounds like a very, very, very, very, very quiet sonic boom.
Mike: Like, just a… like a… like a… a burst of air, like, bursting out.
Mike: From somewhere just ahead.
Mike: But it's loud enough to be heard over the.
Mike: It's loud enough to be heard over the wind.
Mike: This is a fairly wide corridor, it's maybe 15 feet, like…
Mike: You are in a narrower quarter, but this one's maybe 15 feet wide.
Audio shared by Mike: Dope.
Mike: Do you keep walking?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't see what else to do.
Audio shared by Mike: As you go another maybe 10 feet, you can…
Mike: The… there's, like, you hear a louder boom in front of you. And it… Damn…
Mike: Like, you could… you can almost… you can almost see in the… in the…
Audio shared by Mike: In the air, like.
Mike: The boom is, like, rippling, it's, like, pushing the snow, right?
Mike: And, like, again, it almost… it's like you can almost see it in front of you, like a… like a…
Mike: Every 5 or 6 seconds.
Mike: like, a booming…
Audio shared by Mike: Damn.
Mike: I mean, it doesn't… there's nothing you can physically see, but it's like, when it booms, you can see the air rippling, and the snow blowing.
Kate Sackton: It's not hurting our ears yet or anything?
Mike: No, it's not dangerous, but,
Mike: It's like, it's pretty close to you, you…
Mike: walking through it feels like you can feel it push against you. Like, if you went towards it, like, if you were standing… if you were standing any closer, it would probably potentially knock you down.
Tim Sackton: And it's like… Regular pulses, or…
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's just time it and run through it.
Tim Sackton: One at a time, after each boom.
Tim Sackton: See what happens.
Mike: Yeah?
Audio shared by Mike: It's… if you just… boom, I mean, it's about 4 seconds between each one.
Kate Sackton: It booms, we run, it booms, we run.
Mike: The only tricky bit is, as you start to run, who's going first?
Mike: Dreams?
Audio shared by Mike: I will.
Mike: Make a dex check.
Kate Sackton: Remember, this whole difficult terrain thing I have some assistance with.
Audio shared by Mike: But, yes.
Mike: Oh, yes, you do.
Mike: You don't Okay, next check.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: You, you, you're, you can, like, as you, your, your feet are just only lightly touching that on the ice, you're fine.
Tim Sackton: I will ask the two Kenku if they can pick up and fly with Kalima, because I'm worried what happens if she slips.
Tim Sackton: And the two of them together should be able to carry her.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, the wins… The winds…
Mike: pretty strong. You feel like, yes, you could… you could definitely carry her, but you're not sure… like, as you, like, flex your wings and fly up, you're being buffeted by the wind. You might get… you might…
Mike: It's tough to… it's not…
Audio shared by Mike: Flying quickly, you would have to make a…
Mike: You'd have to make a strength check to fly through here, carrying somebody.
Mike: Not a particularly difficult one, but it's not guaranteed success. The winds are buffeting you.
Mike: Doesn't mean you shouldn't do it.
Mike: I don't know what your strengths are.
Mike: Oh, Echo maybe has a little trouble with strength.
Audio shared by Mike: Kong sleeping, but…
Tim Sackton: We don't have a king queue at the moment.
Kate Sackton: Hello, justice!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoever goes first, take the rope. I feel like the rope… the rope is a good… is a good solution.
Kate Sackton: I took the rope, I took the rope and I made it through one boom.
Kate Sackton: Now I'm just waiting for you guys to time your next…
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm hap- perfectly happy to… run, I'm just worried about…
Mike: Boima?
Tim Sackton: Lima.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's get her through first, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can Koos flyer down?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's that?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, why don't we rule as a party, somebody roll a strength check for the kinku?
Mike: So I'm gonna make a strength check for each of the Kenkus.
Tim Sackton: YOLO wrote a 13.
Audio shared by Mike: Y'all was fine.
Tim Sackton: Echo rolled a 1.
Mike: Oh, a 1's not so good, especially with… wait, rolled a 1?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's a minus one, so…
Mike: Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: Rather, two, so…
Mike: rolled a 2, I was like, wow, Echo got a 0?
Mike: Let me look at my notes. Echo,
Mike: It's just… is just hit by this burst of… .
Audio shared by Mike: Let's see…
Mike: Echo is blown directly backwards, 10 feet.
Mike: So… you kinda… lose grips on, so…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Mike: You probably dropped Kalima.
Mike: As the wind… you're carrying her together, the two of you, as the wind hits,
Mike: Echo is just blown, just completely loses control and is blown backwards.
Mike: Kalima falls to the ground.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Mike: hits badly. She crawls, I mean, she's past the boom.
Mike: But is lying, sort of whimpering on the ground, looking at the Kenku in a fresh terror.
Kate Sackton: I can see her, because she's come through, past the boom.
Mike: The boom isn't… the boom isn't,
Mike: dark, it's air. It actually clears the snow, it's easier to see through than anywhere else.
Kate Sackton: Alright, I go to…
Tim Sackton: Calling?
Kate Sackton: as aid.
Tim Sackton: I will run through as… as…
Mike: Make a dex check.
Tim Sackton: 14.
Mike: you're fine.
Kate Sackton: I tell.
Kate Sackton: Oh, you could see it happen.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, you saw her fall.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is she injured?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or just… bruised.
Kate Sackton: I'm seeking a more expert opinion than my own while I provide moral support.
Tim Sackton: I'll look at her.
Mike: Ed…
Mike: She took damage. I mean, she's okay, she's not dead, or she's not dying or anything, but she, like, badly bruised a rib… she probably has a cracked rib or something like that. She… she looks in pain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll, I'll tell her, I'll… I'll heal you when I get to the other side there.
Mike: Okay, that calms her down a bit.
Tim Sackton: do it justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, you got the rope?
Kate Sackton: We still got it into the rope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not the first time I've been in this situation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mike, I need a,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Acrobatics check? How about… or a decks check? How about… how about an athletics check?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To power my way steadily over uneven terrain.
Mike: Using my formidable strength. I mean, you could try and just walk slowly and power your way through the wind, even if you get buffeted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I will do that.
Mike: Sure, make an athletics check.
Mike: There's strength. Do you have any… I don't know if you have any reason to be proficient, but certainly strength.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I don't. So that's a 14 altogether.
Mike: What was my reaction to say?
Mike: okay, yeah, that's okay.
Mike: You, you, you sort of, you… You make it through, you're on the other side.
Mike: Just keep going.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Mike: Seems to be booming there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I'll cure wounds her, though.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: We just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's minor, if the…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yep, yep.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: As you go down the corridor, it actually… you see it branches into… it, like… it… it comes to a stop in, like, an ice, like…
Mike: snow. You're back on snow now instead of stone. And there's, like, seven passageways, like, all sort of only two and a half feet wide, weeding out of this snowy… kind of, again, like, another finger. Two of them are, like.
Mike: But with some coming back, sort of almost going back the way you came.
Mike: It looks much more twisty all of a sudden.
Kate Sackton: the right!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, ride most. That's…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean…
Mike: You take the right bus, and you go, and it's… and it's…
Mike: It's turning, and you come out into another room.
Mike: It kind of curves, and you curve for a few minutes. You come out into… A room?
Mike: looks maybe similar? But there's only 5.
Mike: passages out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a maze of twisting little passages all alike?
Mike: It could have been twisted back around? Like, you're not sure, maybe you came back in and two of the passages disappeared, it's quite hard to tell.
Kate Sackton: I mean, what I have to do is we're disappearing and… Go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, upshore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll write… I'll pull out a sheet of paper, I'll write on the sheet of paper 5 passages, and I'll,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it on the floor under enough snowballs that it's not gonna blow away.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: You came out on the second one, so, like, you came out…
Mike: Like, on the hand, you came out on this one.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike: Er, sorry, this one. So, like, one to the… there's one more to the right of you.
Mike: When you come out.
Tim Sackton: go there.
Mike: You go down…
Audio shared by Mike: So you go to the one that's to the right.
Mike: So there's 3 to your left and 1 to your right.
Mike: But you're facing the opposite direction as the other, like, there's also… .
Tim Sackton: Just keep going to the right.
Mike: Okay, you go to the right, you go…
Mike: Hold on, I'm just trying to…
Mike: You came out, you go to the right, there was one to… wait, did I say that right? There was one to your left. I might have said that wrong, there was one to your left and three to your right, and one straight ahead when you came out.
Tim Sackton: No, you didn't say that.
Mike: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: 3 to your left?
Mike: 1 to your left, one to your right… no, sorry, one to your left, three to your right. I got, I got it back, and one straight ahead.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, we just go to the furthest rightmost one.
Mike: You go to the furthest rightmost one.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So, you go along to… you go to the furthest rightmost one, you go down… again, it's very twisty. It curves.
Audio shared by Mike: It curves… sharply.
Mike: And you come out… again, now you come out in a room.
Mike: That has 2 passageways to your left.
Mike: One passageway to your right, and one straight ahead.
Mike: The snow is blowing quite…
Audio shared by Mike: It's… I mean, it's… you… you curved… when you went down the passageway to the right, you curved…
Mike: sharply…
Mike: I don't know if you're quite seeing it, right? It's like… it's like a hand, right? You came up on one of them, you went down to go to the rightmost, and it curved sharply.
Mike: Trying to… it curved sharply to the right as you went down it.
Mike: But when you come back into another room now, with one passageway to your right, and two to your left, and one straight ahead.
Mike: there's, like, as you walk out into the passageway, there's, like, this huge gust of, like, it's… there's just snow, you can only see maybe 2 feet in front of you.
Mike: And you see… you see a shape.
Mike: Or two shapes, maybe three, it's really hard to tell how many there are. Like, shadows, almost snow shadows, like, peeling off the wall and, like, flying towards you.
Mike: Like, they have, like, they're made of, like… sinew, like, it… there's, like…
Mike: they're sort of humanoid forms. They seem to mostly be made of wind, and maybe some, like, bone and weather, held together by swirling wind. They have, like.
Mike: Sort of heads?
Mike: And their arms are, like, look, like, they're… they're, like, you could… you can, like, see, like, a knife… knife edges, like, on their arms.
Kate Sackton: Turn around rapidly and go some other direction?
Kate Sackton: It's not through the…
Mike: Back the way you… so you came out… again, you came out of a passageway.
Mike: the wind creatures are sweeping… there's four of them, or three… three or four, you can't really tell, are sweeping across. There's one passageway to your right, two to your left, and one straight ahead.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just immediately turn to the right and run down that passageway as quickly as we can.
Mike: Okay, .
Kate Sackton: Well, staying together is…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: You go back down the passageway, you come back, Again, you go around.
Mike: You come back into another one of these rooms.
Mike: With one passageway to your right.
Mike: And one to your left, the one you came through, and one straight ahead. And you see about…
Mike: 6.
Mike: Of these creatures now blowing through the…
Audio shared by Mike: the room.
Kate Sackton: Anyone want to try for 8?
Kate Sackton: Should we just bite the darn things?
Mike: There's one to your right, one to your left, and one straight ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Straight ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why not?
Tim Sackton: Then we have to run through the… Wind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Kate Sackton: We maybe take some of them down on our way.
Tim Sackton: I mean… I suggest we retreat into the corridor.
Tim Sackton: A little bit. Like, how long are these passageways in between rooms? How long does it take us to walk?
Mike: 2 or 3 minutes.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna…
Mike: pretty slow. It's probably only… 200, 100 feet.
Tim Sackton: They're a backup of…
Mike: Sharply curving, like, they're definitely circ… feel arky as you walk through them.
Tim Sackton: I will… I will get… like, take my… my quill and ink, or take my ink pot out and just, like, make an ink splotch on the wall. Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then, let's just… let's just go back and see…
Mike: Like, back the way you came?
Tim Sackton: Back the way we came, and see if we come into the same room with the same number of creatures, or fewer creatures.
Kate Sackton: Roar.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Or more creatures.
Mike: You go back the way you came.
Mike: And you come out, like, you just, you walk down the passageway, again, the wind is blowing, you come out, there's… There's, like…
Tim Sackton: looking out into the room. We're not, like.
Mike: None.
Tim Sackton: into it.
Mike: You do see your ink splotch on the wall, there's… When you come out, there are…
Tim Sackton: You mean the both ends of this passageway are the same?
Mike: Yes.
Mike: Well, no, no, no, they're next to each other.
Mike: You went down, you kept going until you came back. You looped around.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, the room is the same every time.
Mike: The room is the same.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: But now there's only… there's only the… there's only the two passageways and the one in the back.
Mike: And the… As you, like, see, the storm has gotten… .
Mike: The storm has gotten quite, quite, violent.
Tim Sackton: Can we see if there's any creatures?
Mike: The creatures seem to… Oh, that is, that you don't see, I mean, you could… you…
Mike: You don't see any from here, they seem to have, You don't… you seem to…
Mike: Are you going out into the room, or are you just standing in the…
Tim Sackton: well, Finnan's not going out into the room, I don't know what everybody else is doing.
Kate Sackton: Let's talk about what we're doing, is what we're doing.
Mike: You can only see about 10 feet into the room, and the creatures were sort of made of wind. It's kind of hard to tell if they're there.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: But how many passageways are out of this room now?
Tim Sackton: Just one.
Mike: You think there's just one to your left, and one to your right, and one across.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we have one more loop to go through until… The single passage forward remains?
Tim Sackton: Let's just go… go back through the loop one more time.
Tim Sackton: Go to our right one more time.
Mike: So you go to your right one more time, and you come back into the room, and there's no passageways to your left.
Mike: And there's just one passageway across.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome, let's do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What will it take to get there?
Mike: If you creep through the room.
Tim Sackton: Drain, do you have, like, Pass Without Trace or Echo? Do one of you have… Pass without trace.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't need it.
Tim Sackton: you do, YOLO?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm so stealthy, you know?
Kate Sackton: I do have Paths Without a Trace.
Tim Sackton: I think this is the time to see if we can creep past without…
Audio shared by Mike: Anybody noticing.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Sure enough…
Tim Sackton: And I will, lean… over to… Justice.
Tim Sackton: And tell him an encouraging story about…
Tim Sackton: Great, clanky warriors who manage to be stealthy and give them a Bardic inspiration.
Mike: And that's why they tried to give you a plus 10.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So you're gonna try and… try and creep…
Tim Sackton: Along the side of the wall.
Tim Sackton: Like, keeping to the left or right, it doesn't matter, but keeping to one side, basically. Moving as quietly and stealthily as we can.
Mike: Okay, raw stealth!
Mike: With plus 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also with disadvantage for me.
Mike: Yep. But you do get a plus 10 on both.
Tim Sackton: 14 for me.
Kate Sackton: 31.
Kate Sackton: me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 25.
Audio shared by Mike: 14 for me…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plus, what's Bardik Inspiration again?
Tim Sackton: Well, let's see what you… whether you… don't use it unless you fail.
Mike: Yeah, you only use Bardic if you fail.
Mike: Kai, you with us?
Eric Rosenbaum: He's being extremely stealthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's how stealthy he is.
Mike: 70-year-old stealth for Kong.
Tim Sackton: 29 for… for Echo.
Mike: You see… I mean, it's… it's…
Mike: it's tricky to… luckily, you're trying to move slowly, because, you can barely see, and you can barely walk, right?
Mike: You're, like, can barely move more than… you know, the wind is, like, howling, you can… you can…
Mike: you can see, like, as you step under your feet, like, sometimes it just won't be ground. It'll just be, like, snow, or, like, it's, like, almost trying to trip you. But you all manage to sneak out through the other side,
Mike: And as you come out into this other quarter, The… the wind's kinda…
Mike: calms down a little bit. Like, it's not at all calm.
Mike: But you… you, get… you sort of…
Mike: It, it, it, all of a sudden, you could see for… for…
Mike: 15 feet instead of… or 20 feet instead of 10 feet, right? Like, as you… as you come out into this…
Tim Sackton: sort of wide, icy quarter, but… Do we still see the booming?
Tim Sackton: Care the.
Tim Sackton: in front of us.
Mike: The booming… is… Still in front of… yes, it is up ahead.
Mike: You can hear it up ahead.
Tim Sackton: So, maybe that was all just a dead end?
Tim Sackton: and I'll say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, now we know it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, let's just keep going, we have no… No other thing to do.
Tim Sackton: See if we can just… run through the booming again? Maybe…
Tim Sackton: Justice, maybe you want to carry… I don't think… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Kalima's gonna trust the Kenku again, so…
Mike: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we'll… we'll power through.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'll go ahead and just try to run through again.
Tim Sackton: It's 15…
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what's happening?
Mike: You got back to… you went in a loop, and you got back to the spot where the…
Mike: Air is just booming in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: So I just rushed past it again. Do I need to check?
Mike: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, so…
Kate Sackton: your secure… I brought your security rope, Justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you, I appreciate that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll go through again also with Kaluna this time.
Mike: Yeah, okay, make… did you make a strength check?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's an 11?
Mike: That's good enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Darn…
Tim Sackton: He's still bardic.
Tim Sackton: You need it.
Audio shared by Mike: As you walk ahead, you…
Mike: So you cross… you come back out, Wow.
Audio shared by Mike: You think you should come back out into a… into a corner with another passage across, but you actually come to a… to a…
Mike: circular room, with…
Mike: Like, a circular, very snowy room with, one way out on each of, like.
Mike: One directly across, one to the left, one to the right.
Kate Sackton: Like, cardinal points-like spacing?
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So, Finan will say, I don't think the path we take through this labyrinth matters whatsoever.
Kate Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Because… every single… Time we go somewhere, it changes.
Tim Sackton: But I like Wright.
Tim Sackton: So let's just go right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, right?
Mike: As you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it.
Mike: As you turn to the right,
Mike: Hold on.
Mike: you see… You come, you turn to the right, and the tunnel that you're walking through, right, like.
Mike: Narrows, and then in front of you.
Mike: You see these thin sheets of ice hanging from the ceiling, like, almost like curtains, like, like,
Mike: sort of… many layers.
Mike: delicate, sort of… the wind sort of stills for a moment here, but… but the ice is still… but there's still enough wind… I mean, there's still a fairly strong howl. It's gotten calmer since you, avoided the… the wind has definitely calmed down a little bit since you avoided the,
Mike: or, you know, the wind creatures.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's still…
Mike: It's still howling strong enough that…
Mike: It's hard to… it's hard to hear, and there's still, like, this strong…
Mike: With, you know, strong snow blowing everywhere you go.
Mike: But as you look ahead, like, you see, kind of dangling down.
Mike: not entirely blocking the corridor, but mostly blocking the corridor, these, like, thin veils, like I said, thin veils of ice. There's, like, cool mist kind of pooling around, underneath.
Mike: but they, they're sort of blocking the corner.
Mike: I mean, you could… you could sort of push past, right? You might break them, but you could… they're like sheets, like, hanging.
Tim Sackton: Does anybody have a magical way to make fire?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lane McCreat's… flame-like radiance, so I'm gonna say… No…
Mike: You need your spellcaster to wake up and mention that he has Create Bonfire as a cantramp.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmph, nice.
Tim Sackton: Kong!
Tim Sackton: Now he's fast asleep.
Kate Sackton: Are we wrapping up?
Tim Sackton: Echo, can you make us a fire?
Mike: Yeah, neat.
Tim Sackton: I'm mute.
David S. Kong: Sorry, guys, I got 2 hours of sleep last night, so I'm, like, exhaust.
Mike: No, no, it's okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Sorry, what's the… what was the request?
Mike: Yes, sir.
Tim Sackton: fire.
David S. Kong: Ye sure.
David S. Kong: I can do that.
Mike: You have crate bonfire as a cantrip.
Mike: So you literally could just create a fire.
David S. Kong: outcome from, Echo's wing comes a fire.
Mike: Where do you want the fire?
Mike: There's these thin sheets of ice.
Tim Sackton: Try and melt the ice.
David S. Kong: Sure. See what happens. Maybe I'll make it angry.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: I like to sell that.
Mike: So you're, like, just… you're… you're… you're just melting, you're just using the bonfire to just melt the ice.
Mike: Directly.
David S. Kong: Unless… yeah, sure, why not? Let's start there and see what happens.
Mike: You could do that.
Mike: The… the ice… the ice…
Mike: The ice starts… It starts to… like, as you light your bonfire.
Audio shared by Mike: the ice…
Mike: Starts to melt.
Mike: It's like…
Audio shared by Mike: It's like…
Mike: You put the bonfire directly onto the ice, right? It's like… cracks.
Mike: And, like, falls and shatters, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Very… very, loudly, right? Like, much louder than it should be.
Mike: And all of a sudden, the cracks get… you hear this, much, much louder crack.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, and you see this… you see this, like.
Mike: Ice, like, in the quarter, just like…
Mike: Crash down, and all of a sudden, like, the wall is crashing open.
Audio shared by Mike: You, you hear, like, .
Mike: a wind starts coming from behind, like, this… this… you hear this howling, so the whole side of the wall has just crashed open, and, like, fallen. You can only see darkness down there, and you feel this… this.
Audio shared by Mike: You feel this wind, blowing.
Mike: Blowing behind you.
Mike: And you see, like, if you look behind, you see this, like, almost, like, avalanche.
Audio shared by Mike: Coming towards you.
Tim Sackton: Let's run forward.
David S. Kong: Avalanche?
Mike: So, forward, there's still, like, the bot… there's, like, ice falling. There's some ice, kind of…
Mike: Ice blocks are falling in front of you, there's an avalanche coming towards you that…
Audio shared by Mike: Mostly.
Mike: obvious, I mean, you could try and run past the ice blocks, or the wall has just collapsed to your left in… to darkness.
David S. Kong: Damn.
David S. Kong: Hey, so is it, like, sentient ice? Can we, like, talk to it and stuff? Like, can we, like…
Mike: You haven't tried. I gave Tim a magic item that lets him talk to objects, but he hasn't used it.
David S. Kong: Let's, let's, let's pray to it, or
David S. Kong: Ask it, ask it, ask it why.
Mike: Well, at the moment, you have about one second to decide, are you going to let the avalanche hit you, try and run through
Mike: The remains of the ice sheets, or jump into the darkness?
David S. Kong: Run through the ice sheets.
Tim Sackton: Ice sheets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Heights sheets, yeah.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like Avalanche. No, just kidding.
Mike: Yo, like, avalanches don't hurt me.
Mike: You smash into the sheets of ice in front of you.
Mike: And you can… you can hear, like, as you… as you run into them, more and more ice is just… is just falling, in front of you, right? Like, there's… it… it… it feels like you smash through one ice sheet, and another one just appears.
Mike: you make some progress, like, you smash a little bit, but new ice appears, and you can feel the avalanche, getting closer?
Mike: And you can see, like.
Mike: to your… not only to your left now, but to your right, there's another, like, crash, and the other wall collapses. You're now, like, standing on snow, apparently supported by nothing, with this ice in front of you and an avalanche coming behind you.
David S. Kong: Global.
Kate Sackton: Well, now we get to go right, because we love going right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Into the darkness. This is the time.
David S. Kong: Let's talk to the ice.
Tim Sackton: I don't think we have time right now.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: That would have been maybe a good idea, like… 45 minutes ago. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Dammit.
Mike: You… hold on a second, I gotta change the music.
David S. Kong: Magic item to talk to the ice.
Mike: Tim has a magic item that lets him talk to an object.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Right. Well, it's not entirely obvious that the walls of the.
Mike: Well, no, the walls of the Labyrinth probably, probably are not, strictly speaking, objects.
Mike: But… No, in fact, they're definitely not objects.
Kate Sackton: Maybe the finger plant things were…
Mike: Those were possibly objects.
Kate Sackton: Or the sheets of ice.
Kate Sackton: And we just, in fact, fire.
Mike: Right.
Mike: you jump down into the darkness.
Mike: And you slide for a minute.
Tim Sackton: So, the light spell goes out.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, the lights are… sorry. You jump into the darkness, but you can… but you can…
Kate Sackton: in our life.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Yes, you're like.
Tim Sackton: What do we see in a 40-foot radius around us?
Mike: It's just… There's… it's like the… it's like the…
Kate Sackton: wall, like…
Mike: it's… you can't… whatever material you're standing on, there's, like, there is a material underneath you, but it doesn't seem to reflect light. So it's like, you can't…
Mike: it just feels like blackness, like you're just… you're just in… your light is there, you can see each other, right? It's not like you can't see.
Mike: But you don't see anything, there's nothing to see. You're just… you can feel this, like, slick ice. It's like… it's like non-reflective black ice under your feet. I mean, you can't… it's steep. It's, like, this steep. As soon as you go that way, you're, like, sliding.
Mike: hold on, I just need to,
Mike: sorry, I didn't queue up the right Spotify music for this transition.
Mike: And you slide for a second as the DM looks for the music he's looking for.
Mike: I can't find it.
Mike: Edgy.
Mike: You come out, you slide down, you come out, and you're standing in a room,
Mike: I'm just thinking about timing.
David S. Kong: Back to the ice.
Mike: Are people… Might be… Ep…
Mike: It might be better to end… do people want to end a little early, or go a little late?
Kate Sackton: Enderly.
Tim Sackton: Kate wants to end as early as possible. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Slowing down.
Mike: Yeah, let…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm headed there, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay. And, and…
Mike: and…
Mike: it would actually be good for me to end a little bit early, too. So, we'll… we'll kick off the next scene, but we'll probably stop in 15 minutes.
Mike: So… Or even a little less. So you slide down through this darkness, you come out in a…
Mike: in a room, right, you can…
Audio shared by Mike: you can…
Mike: you sort of lay it. It's like you… it's like a slide, right? You come down, like, an ice slide.
Audio shared by Mike: And as you fall maybe 20 feet.
Mike: like, go down the slide, like, 20 feet. While you're, again, while you're going down the slide, you can't see, like, there's nothing to your left or right. You're just sliding.
Mike: And you come out through the side of a… of a, like, the side of a…
Mike: A wall, and you… everybody actually… well, Kenku, so you… you come out maybe 20 feet above
Mike: Like, you're coming out into the air.
Audio shared by Mike: About 20 feet up.
Mike: On the, like, side of a wall.
Mike: it's like a large, maybe 100-foot across chamber, although you can't actually see more than 40 feet. There's no storm here. You can see in the moment, as you come.
Tim Sackton: without the slide?
Mike: you can see, Tim, you're echoing.
David S. Kong: You can see… The Wizard of Oz.
Mike: You can… so, you can see, like.
Tim Sackton: see, like.
Mike: the…
Mike: The walls near to you are, like, sheer ice. The floor is, like… black stone.
Mike: there's… some scattered rocks in the distance, you can't quite…
Mike: See past them, but there's clearly, like, a boulder fall a little bit away.
Mike: And now you're falling, you have, like, one second to do something.
David S. Kong: Fly my wings. Sorry, not falling. Fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smash my axe into the nearest ice wall and grabbed the old lady with the other arm.
Mike: Okay, make, make some sort of, strength check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great.
Mike: Sounds like strength.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is 13?
Mike: You catch the wall, and you kinda… but you don't really get quite a good enough, like.
Mike: it's hard ice, right? Like, you… you don't… Oh, you have Bardic… do you want to use your Bardic inspiration?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I guess so, right? What's the die for it? 6? 8?
Mike: Tim, it's a 6 or an 8, I don't remember.
Mike: You're on mute.
Kate Sackton: the vehicle.
Tim Sackton: Okay. It's an 8.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is a 5, so that's a… 18 altogether.
Mike: Yo, I need to roll a 2.
Mike: I mean, the DC was 15, so you only had to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Not a 1 on the Barnac.
Audio shared by Mike: So, thinking of Finian's stories of heroic conquest, you're like, nope, I can do this, and you get your axe into the ice, and you're hanging 17 feet up.
Mike: holding on to… Kleema.
Mike: With one arm, and… your axe with the other arm. This probably will only hold for 30 seconds, maybe?
Mike: Or a minute, like, you would… it's not a very comfortable position to be, but…
Mike: Finian and Drain, any ideas other than Fallen?
Kate Sackton: grabbing at the wall as I sort of go over, or, like, try to sort of see if there's anything I can catch a purchase on with my skills in climbing.
Kate Sackton: In general.
Mike: It's pretty smooth ice, but you can try.
Mike: You could make a DEX check?
Mike: If you have… do you have some climbing background that would give you proficiency?
Kate Sackton: I, in fact, have a skill-based story about how I used to climb all over the place.
Mike: Are my notes? Nope. You get… you definitely get proficiency, so DAX plus 3.
Mike: Dex… Dex check plus 3.
Kate Sackton: The button under the word DEX in the top row of things?
Mike: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Not a savings throw.
Mike: No.
Mike: The big plus under your desk.
Kate Sackton: Big plus one, yes.
Mike: Yes.
Kate Sackton: So, the number in D&D Beyond is 18, and then I add 3 to that, so 21?
Mike: you manage… so Drain is slipping down the ice and manages to…
Mike: Catch, like, a… a bit of a…
Mike: Icicle, you don't… you don't… you can't… there's nothing really to hold on to, but you manage to, like, control your slide, and, like.
Audio shared by Mike: kind of…
Mike: whole, like… Catch on to a few places that let you kind of…
Audio shared by Mike: more gently…
Audio shared by Mike: Guide yourself, like, you turn it from a fall into a controlled descent, and you weigh in relatively comfortably.
Audio shared by Mike: In the scheme of things. So you're on the bottom.
Mike: Justice is 20… 17 feet above you. The KenQ are… I don't know what the… they're flying.
Kate Sackton: Puffering.
Mike: Finian is… Oh, muted.
Tim Sackton: I'm grabbing a… I'm trying to grab a Kenku as I… Slide out.
Mike: I thank you assisting in this.
Tim Sackton: Yes, attached.
David S. Kong: That's gonna start.
Mike: Okay, each of you make,
Tim Sackton: Death.
Mike: Next check.
Tim Sackton: 21.
Mike: Wow.
Mike: You don't…
Audio shared by Mike: What have you had to succeed?
Mike: You grab on… so, Finian manages to grab, Yellow's leg as you, like, lift your wings.
Mike: You're… you're… It's a little tough to…
Audio shared by Mike: Keep falling.
Mike: With him hanging onto your wind, but the wind is strangely quiet here, so you're okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna just telepathically say to Yolo, we've practiced this twice now, by the third time, we're gonna be brilliant.
Mike: You probably want a land suit, though.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, please land.
Eric Rosenbaum: No stone soaking.
Audio shared by Mike: Next time.
Tim Sackton: Suns are for the fifth time.
Mike: So…
Tim Sackton: and maybe Echo can pick up… Kalima?
Mike: Yeah, you could pick up Queen, hu.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Grab her, I'll call over.
David S. Kong: over and grab her.
Mike: She- she looks really, like, she looks at Justice, like…
Mike: Looks at… looks at, Echo.
Audio shared by Mike: Is this…
Mike: He dropped me last time.
David S. Kong: Echo whispers, I only eat humans per dinner.
Mike: I don't say that, I don't say that, I don't say that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, she only speaks Old Zenkoven, you're fine.
Mike: You're fine, you can say whatever you want, she doesn't speak Kenku.
Mike: You can butter all kinds of things in Kinky.
Tim Sackton: Believe it or not, I've been in this situation before, and this is… you're in good hands.
Mike: Okay, she kind of looks over to…
Tim Sackton: To echo, and it seems willing to be carried by you.
Mike: But actually, Cheap.
Mike: As she kind of looks down again.
Tim Sackton: G…
Mike: Kind of tries to almost… she's like… Scrambling away.
Mike: From… Tim, you're back on the weird echo.
Mike: She's scrambling away from, from…
Audio shared by Mike: From the room, almost. She's like…
Mike: It's here somewhere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is?
Audio shared by Mike: A beast.
Mike: Hide!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good! Finally.
Mike: I can't go in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have any other… Options?
Kate Sackton: he can hide. We didn't bring her along so she could join in the big battles.
Kate Sackton: Now you're muted, dear.
Tim Sackton: I will use Minor Illusion to extend the ice wall by 5 feet, right in… right below… Justice.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Telepathically tell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Kalima to hide there.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It only lasts a minute, but it's not concentration, so I can refresh it for an action if I need to.
Mike: She'll hide behind the ice wall. She'll accept that.
Mike: How's justice getting down? He's just jumping?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think when justice hears… Tim, you're echoing again… I think when justice hears that the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the beast is in this space. He smiles broadly, and just jiggles his wall, his axe out of the wall, and drops to the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ready for a fight.
Mike: Ica… Like, let's see, you're dropping… I guess you're only dropping about 10 feet?
Mike: Make a dex check.
Mike: To get that safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A deck save. What if instead I use my Great Strength and make a Strength Save?
Mike: No, this is a deck safe.
Mike: It's okay, if you fail, you only take 3 points of damage. If you succeed, you take none, so it's not high stakes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I rolled a 3, so…
Mike: He'll take the 3 points of damage. You'll land a little awkwardly.
Mike: Bruise something or other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Says Justice, that's what happened last time, too.
Mike: So you're in this room, There's some rocks over on the far side that you can't see through.
Mike: Otherwise, the floor is… Black.
Mike: Stone of some kind. And the…
Mike: The… it's a circular, so you can see, like, the half…
Mike: The sort of half circle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will smash his battleaxe against his shield as loudly as he can, and bellow, show yourself.
Mike: Okay, you hear a roar?
Mike: But we might stop there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before we…
Mike: overall initiative.
Mike: There's a… Actually, I'll describe what, just for the cliffhanger.
Audio shared by Mike: You hear…
Mike: A roar of some sort of creature, and you see a… Emerging from behind the,
Mike: rock. You see about a… 10 foot tall, White.
Mike: Shaggy beast, with these, like, dark… red eyes.
Mike: And as it sort of emerges from behind the wall, it… It shouts in, like, this…
Mike: Hideous yell, like, of just… Pain?
Mike: And, kind of, anger?
Mike: And…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know where everybody is.
Mike: But…
Audio shared by Mike: a…
Mike: Creature starts to form out of the black, like, out of the… like, the…
Mike: Those of you who are standing near the wall, a creature starts to form out of the,
Mike: like, starts to emerge out of the wall, similar, like, looking similar to the… to it.
Mike: you know, one of them starts to… starts to grow, like, ice starts to grow on the ground and turn into this shaggy creature underneath each of the Kenku. And so…
Mike: as you… I mean, you'll be able to react next time we'll start with initiative, but there are creep… there are these… these sort of,
Mike: Shadowy beast creatures forming out of ice, one next to each of you.
Tim Sackton: Okay, just random question before we end, so…
Tim Sackton: If we fight this creature, does it count as a beast you have hunted?
Tim Sackton: The reason I've been saving my charges on my magic item is I want to use all 5 charges to learn 3 true facts about Zephya's minion.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: France is a beast.
Tim Sackton: The magic item just says, a beast you have hunted or fed. I assume fighting counts as hunted, but.
Mike: I didn't like how this…
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should feed it.
Mike: Fighting would definitely count as hunted, for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did we already feed it with our blood?
Mike: No, you haven't… you haven't bled yet. Yeah!
Mike: Sure, I'm not sure if I intended it to apply to… monstrous creatures, but sure, why not?
Audio shared by Mike: Yes.
Mike: It would count as hunted.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so we're stopping there.
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Unless we think the creature would like a good berry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe what they really just need are friends.
Mike: Baby!
David S. Kong: We should've just talked to it from the beginning, and then it would have been cool.